FIRM         : FELE (CIK 0000038725) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000038725_FELE_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2018-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment, computer software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation of plant and equipment is calculated on a straight line basis over the following estimated useful lives:

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
During the third quarter ended September 30, 2018, the Company acquired, in separate transactions, substantially all of the assets of the Stationary Power Division (“SPD”) of Midtronics, Inc., and 100 percent of the ownership interest in Industrias Rotor Pump S.A. (“Industrias Rotor Pump”), located in the United States and Argentina, respectively. Neither of the acquisitions were material individually or in the aggregate, and the combined preliminary purchase price was approximately $37 million . The operating results of the two businesses from their respective dates of acquisition through December 31, 2018 were not material to the Company as a whole. SPD offers a variety of products to users in the electrical substation monitoring, data center and mobile telecommunications markets. Annual net sales for SPD are estimated to be less than one percent of consolidated net sales and the fair value of the acquired assets are estimated to be less than one percent of consolidated total assets. Industrias Rotor Pump is the leading provider of water pumping equipment in Argentina. Annual net sales of Industrias Rotor Pump are estimated to be less than one percent of consolidated net sales and the fair value of the acquired assets are estimated to be less than three percent of consolidated total assets.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. This ASU aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include internal-use software license). The ASU should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption and is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The Company is still determining the date of adoption for this ASU but does not anticipate the adoption to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. ||| Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract.
