FIRM         : BOH (CIK 0000046195) | FY2016
FILE         : 0000046195_BOH_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2016
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Capital leases are included in premises and equipment at the capitalized amount less accumulated amortization.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
This ASU provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance does not change the accounting for a customer’s accounting for service contracts. The purpose of ASU 2015-05 is to clarify which fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement should be capitalized and which fees should be expensed as incurred. The Company prospectively adopted ASU No. 2015-05 effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU No. 2015-05 did not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
“Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.” ||| This ASU provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance does not change the accounting for a customer’s accounting for service contracts. The purpose of ASU 2015-05 is to clarify which fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement should be capitalized and which fees should be expensed as incurred. The Company prospectively adopted ASU No. 2015-05 effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU No. 2015-05 did not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. ||| In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, “Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.” This ASU provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance does not change the accounting for a customer’s accounting for service contracts. The purpose of ASU 2015-05 is to clarify which fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement should be capitalized and which fees should be expensed as incurred. The Company prospectively adopted ASU No. 2015-05 effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU No. 2015-05 did not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
