FIRM         : SSD (CIK 0000920371) | FY2015
FILE         : 0000920371_SSD_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Major components of these expenses are personnel, sales commissions, facility costs such as rent, depreciation and utilities, professional services, information technology costs, sales promotion, advertising, literature and trade shows.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| (“ASU 2015-05"). The guidance in this Subtopic applies only to internal-use software that a customer obtains access to in a hosted arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. With an election to adopt prospectively or retrospectively, this ASU will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company early adopted ASU 2015-11 prospectively and the adoption had no material effect on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures. ||| In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-05 (Subtopic 340-40), Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement (“ASU 2015-05"). The guidance in this Subtopic applies only to internal-use software that a customer obtains access to in a hosted arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. With an election to adopt prospectively or retrospectively, this ASU will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company early adopted ASU 2015-11 prospectively and the adoption had no material effect on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.
