FIRM         : STRL (CIK 0000874238) | FY2024
FILE         : 0000874238_STRL_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2026-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Contract costs include all direct material, labor, subcontract and other costs and those indirect costs determined to relate to contract performance, such as indirect salaries and wages, equipment repairs and depreciation, insurance and payroll taxes.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Sterling Infrastructure, Inc., (“Sterling,” “the Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”), a Delaware corporation, operates through a variety of subsidiaries within three segments specializing in E-Infrastructure, Transportation and Building Solutions in the United States, primarily across the Southern, Northeastern, Mid-Atlantic and Rocky Mountain regions and the Pacific Islands. E-Infrastructure Solutions provides advanced, large-scale site development services for manufacturing, data centers, large scale distribution centers, warehousing, power generation and more. Transportation Solutions includes infrastructure and rehabilitation projects for highways, roads, bridges, airports, ports, rail and storm drainage systems. Building Solutions includes residential and commercial concrete foundations for single-family and multi-family homes, parking structures, elevated slabs, other concrete work, plumbing services, and surveys for new single-family residential builds. From strategy to operations, we are committed to sustainability by operating responsibly to safeguard and improve society’s quality of life. Caring for our people and our communities, our customers and our investors – that is The Sterling Way.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
E-Infrastructure Solutions —Our E-Infrastructure Solutions business is driven by our customers’ investments in the development of data centers, advanced manufacturing centers, e-commerce distribution centers and warehouses. We foresee significant growth opportunities tied to the implementation of multi-year capital deployment plans by data center customers, including hyperscalers, colocation providers and others. These investments are driven by the need to support the increasing use of cloud computing applications, increasing adoption and complexity of artificial intelligence applications and digital transformation across industries. Additionally, we continue to see significant opportunity related to the construction of manufacturing capacity in the U.S., including semiconductor fabrication. Following a decline in activity that began in 2023, awards in the e-commerce distribution sector began to strengthen in late 2024. Similarly, small warehouse activity, which began to decline in 2023 and remained soft in 2024, is beginning to exhibit signs of recovery. ||| —Our E-Infrastructure Solutions business is driven by our customers’ investments in the development of data centers, advanced manufacturing centers, e-commerce distribution centers and warehouses. We foresee significant growth opportunities tied to the implementation of multi-year capital deployment plans by data center customers, including hyperscalers, colocation providers and others. These investments are driven by the need to support the increasing use of cloud computing applications, increasing adoption and complexity of artificial intelligence applications and digital transformation across industries. Additionally, we continue to see significant opportunity related to the construction of manufacturing capacity in the U.S., including semiconductor fabrication. Following a decline in activity that began in 2023, awards in the e-commerce distribution sector began to strengthen in late 2024. Similarly, small warehouse activity, which began to decline in 2023 and remained soft in 2024, is beginning to exhibit signs of recovery.
