FIRM         : PTC (CIK 0000857005) | FY2014
FILE         : 0000857005_PTC_FY2014_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
A majority of our software license sales to date have been perpetual licenses, where customers own the software license and revenue is recognized at the time of sale. Due to evolving customer preferences as well as acquisitions we have made in the IoT and cloud services space, a small but growing percentage of our business consists of ratably recognized subscriptions. Under a subscription, customers do not own the software but pay a periodic fee for the right to use our software, including access to technical support. While we expect a significant majority of our customer base to continue to purchase our software solutions under a perpetual licensing arrangement, we are also offering subscription pricing as an option for most products starting in 2015. Through 2014 we reported revenue by three lines of business: (1) license; (2) service; and (3) support. Beginning in the first quarter of 2015 we plan to report revenue as follows: (1) perpetual license & subscription solutions (which includes subscription revenue and cloud services); (2) support; and (3) professional services. Previously, cloud services revenue was reported in services revenue. The revenue targets below reflect this revised reporting structure. If a greater percentage of our customers elect our subscription offering than our base case assumption, it will have an adverse impact on revenue, operating margin, cash flow and EPS growth relative to our targets above. ||| Consulting and training services engagements typically result from sales of new licenses, particularly of our EPLM and SLM solutions. Expanding our service partner program, under which service engagements are referred to third party service providers, is part of our overall margin expansion strategy. Additionally, over time, we anticipate implementing solutions that require less services. As a result, we do not expect that the amount of services we deliver will increase proportionately with license revenue increases. Consulting and cloud services revenue has represented approximately 85% of total service revenue and training revenue has represented approximately 15% of total services revenue.
