FIRM         : AMD (CIK 0000002488) | FY2023
FILE         : 0000002488_AMD_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 30, 2023
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : 2.0-15.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : AMD_EPYC;AMD_Instinct;AMD_Radeon;AMD_Ryzen;MI300;NVIDIA (6 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of two to 15 years for equipment, 34 to 44 years for buildings, and leasehold improvements are measured by the shorter of the remaining terms of the leases or the estimated useful economic lives of the improvements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
• the Data Center segment, which primarily includes server microprocessors (CPUs), graphics processing units (GPUs), accelerated processing units (APUs), data processing units (DPUs), Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs), Smart Network Interface Cards (SmartNICs), Artificial Intelligence (AI) accelerators and Adaptive System-on-Chip (SoC) products for data centers;  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We expanded our AI engagements with a broad set of data center customers during the year. In our Data Center GPU business, demand for our Data Center GPUs products was very strong as we had large hyperscaler customers committed to deploy our next generation AMD Instinct MI300 accelerators. Our AI strategy is focused on three areas: first, to deliver a broad portfolio and multigenerational roadmap of leadership CPUs, GPUs and adaptive computing solutions for AI inference and training; second, to extend the open software platform we have established to enable our AI hardware to be deployed broadly and with ease; and third, expand the deep and collaborative engagements we have established across the ecosystems to accelerate deployments of AMD-based AI solutions at scale. To help execute our AI strategy and accelerate our AI business, we brought together multiple AI teams across AMD to execute our end-to-end AI hardware strategy and drive development of a comprehensive software ecosystem that will span our full product portfolio. We strengthened our AI software capabilities with strategic acquisitions during the year. In August 2023, we acquired Mipsology SAS, an AI software company to help develop the full AMD AI software stack and expand the open ecosystem of software tools, libraries and models. We further expanded our open AI software capabilities with the acquisition of Nod, Inc., an open AI software company, in October 2023. Nod, Inc.’s software technology helps accelerate the deployment of AI solutions optimized for AMD Instinct data center accelerators, Ryzen AI processors, EPYC processors, Versal SoCs and Radeon GPUs. ||| Against the backdrop of a mixed demand environment, net revenue for 2023 was $22.7 billion, a decrease of 4% compared to 2022 net revenue of $23.6 billion. The decrease in net revenue was primarily due to a 25% decrease in Client segment revenue primarily due to lower processor sales and a 9% decrease in Gaming segment revenue primarily due to lower semi-custom product sales. This decrease was partially offset by a 17% increase in Embedded segment revenue primarily due to the inclusion of embedded product revenue from Xilinx, Inc. (Xilinx) for the full twelve months period in 2023, as compared to a partial period from February 14, 2022 (the Xilinx Acquisition Date) in the prior year period, and a 7% increase in Data Center segment revenue primarily driven by higher sales of AMD Instinct GPUs and 4th Gen AMD EPYC CPUs. Gross margin, as a percentage of net revenue for 2023, was 46%, compared to 45% in 2022. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher Embedded segment revenue and lower amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, partially offset by lower Client segment revenue and product mix. Operating income for 2023 was $401 million compared to operating income of $1.3 billion for 2022. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to lower Client segment performance and increased R&D investments, partially offset by lower amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. Net income for 2023 was $854 million compared to $1.3 billion in the prior year. The decrease in net income was primarily driven by lower operating income.
