FIRM         : MAN (CIK 0000871763) | FY2022
FILE         : 0000871763_MAN_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software, technology
DURÉE        : 1.0-0.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : A100 (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software which ranges from 3 to 1 0 years. Amortization expense related to the capitalized software costs was $ 9.8 , $ 5.5 and $ 1.8 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Cloud Computing Arrangements ||| We utilize cloud computing arrangements such as hosting arrangements that are service contracts, whereby we gain remote access to use software hosted by the vendor or another third party on an as-needed basis for a period of time in exchange for a subscription fee. Subscription fees are usually prepaid and recorded in selling and administrative expenses over the related subscription period. Certain implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements are capitalized in prepaid expenses or other noncurrent assets if they consist of internal and external costs directly attributable to developing and configuring cloud computing software for its intended use. Amortization of capitalized implementation costs is recorded in selling and administrative expenses on a straight-line basis over the term of the cloud computing arrangement, which is the non-cancellable period of agreement, together with periods covered by renewal options that we are reasonably certain to exercise. The unamortized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements were $ 19.9 and none as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ||| Cloud Computing Arrangements We utilize cloud computing arrangements such as hosting arrangements that are service contracts, whereby we gain remote access to use software hosted by the vendor or another third party on an as-needed basis for a period of time in exchange for a subscription fee. Subscription fees are usually prepaid and recorded in selling and administrative expenses over the related subscription period. Certain implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements are capitalized in prepaid expenses or other noncurrent assets if they consist of internal and external costs directly attributable to developing and configuring cloud computing software for its intended use. Amortization of capitalized implementation costs is recorded in selling and administrative expenses on a straight-line basis over the term of the cloud computing arrangement, which is the non-cancellable period of agreement, together with periods covered by renewal options that we are reasonably certain to exercise. The unamortized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements were $ 19.9 and none as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
