FIRM         : CBSH (CIK 0000022356) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000022356_CBSH_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
years for equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The FASB issued ASU 2018-15, "Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract", in August 2018. This new standard modifies existing guidance and clarifies the accounting for implementation costs of a hosting arrangement. Under the new amendments, the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract are aligned with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software or hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license. The amendments are effective January 1, 2020, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is still assessing the impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. ||| Intangible Assets The FASB issued ASU 2018-15, "Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract", in August 2018. This new standard modifies existing guidance and clarifies the accounting for implementation costs of a hosting arrangement. Under the new amendments, the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract are aligned with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software or hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license. The amendments are effective January 1, 2020, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is still assessing the impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
