FIRM         : EME (CIK 0000105634) | FY2024
FILE         : 0000105634_EME_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2024
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
ASSET CAT.   : machinery and equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-7.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation, including amortization of assets under finance leases, is recorded using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of 3 to 10 years for machinery and equipment, 3 to 7 years for vehicles, furniture and fixtures, and computer hardware/software, and 25 years for buildings.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Revenues of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment were $3,342.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, a $559.2 million increase compared to revenues of $2,783.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. This segment’s results for 2024 included $2.7 million of incremental acquisition revenues. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, the increase in this segment’s revenues was primarily a result of growth within the network and communications market sector, predominantly due to data center construction projects. Increased demand for cloud computing and data storage, driven in part by the emergence of artificial intelligence, has resulted in a greater number of project opportunities for us in several of the geographies in which we operate. In addition, this segment benefited from revenue growth within a number of the other market sectors we serve, such as: (a) the high-tech manufacturing market sector, inclusive of construction projects for customers engaged in the design and manufacturing of semiconductors, (b) the manufacturing and industrial market sector, driven by increased activity with various energy sector customers, (c) the transportation market sector, due to certain infrastructure projects currently underway, and (d) the institutional market sector, given increased project revenues from certain schools and universities. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in revenues within the commercial market sector due in part to reduced demand across the commercial real estate industry.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Revenues of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment were $3,342.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, a $559.2 million increase compared to revenues of $2,783.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. This segment’s results for 2024 included $2.7 million of incremental acquisition revenues. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, the increase in this segment’s revenues was primarily a result of growth within the network and communications market sector, predominantly due to data center construction projects. Increased demand for cloud computing and data storage, driven in part by the emergence of artificial intelligence, has resulted in a greater number of project opportunities for us in several of the geographies in which we operate. In addition, this segment benefited from revenue growth within a number of the other market sectors we serve, such as: (a) the high-tech manufacturing market sector, inclusive of construction projects for customers engaged in the design and manufacturing of semiconductors, (b) the manufacturing and industrial market sector, driven by increased activity with various energy sector customers, (c) the transportation market sector, due to certain infrastructure projects currently underway, and (d) the institutional market sector, given increased project revenues from certain schools and universities. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in revenues within the commercial market sector due in part to reduced demand across the commercial real estate industry.
