FIRM         : MRK (CIK 0000310158) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000310158_MRK_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-03-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 2/3
SECTION      : notes_to_financials
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, Capitalized software
DURÉE        : 6.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 6.0-10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software costs are amortized beginning when the software project is substantially complete and the asset is ready for its intended use. Capitalized software costs associated with projects that are being amortized over 6 to 10 years (including the Company’s on-going multi-year implementation of an enterprise-wide resource planning system) were $548 million and $439 million , net of accumulated amortization at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. All other capitalized software costs are being amortized over periods ranging from 3 to 5 years.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Accelerated depreciation costs primarily relate to manufacturing, research and administrative facilities and equipment to be sold or closed as part of the programs. Accelerated depreciation costs represent the difference between the depreciation expense to be recognized over the revised useful life of the asset, based upon the anticipated date the site will be closed or divested or the equipment disposed of, and depreciation expense as determined utilizing the useful life prior to the restructuring actions.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Software Capitalization — The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred in connection with obtaining or developing internal-use software including external direct costs of material and services, and payroll costs for employees directly involved with the software development. These costs are included in Property, plant and equipment . In addition, the Company capitalizes certain costs incurred to implement a cloud computing arrangement that is considered a service agreement, which are included in Other Assets . Capitalized software costs are amortized beginning when the software project is substantially complete and the asset is ready for its intended use. Capitalized software costs associated with projects that are being amortized over 6 to 10 years (including the Company’s on-going multi-year implementation of an enterprise-wide resource planning system) were $548 million and $439 million , net of accumulated amortization at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. All other capitalized software costs are being amortized over periods ranging from 3 to 5 years. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and post-implementation stage, as well as maintenance and training costs, are expensed as incurred. ||| . In addition, the Company capitalizes certain costs incurred to implement a cloud computing arrangement that is considered a service agreement, which are included in ||| In April 2018, the FASB issued new guidance on the accounting for costs incurred to implement a cloud computing arrangement that is considered a service arrangement. The new guidance requires the capitalization of such costs, aligning it with the accounting for costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. The Company adopted the new standard in the third quarter of 2019 using prospective application for eligible costs, which were immaterial.
