FIRM         : MYRG (CIK 0000700923) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000700923_MYRG_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Organization, Business and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Under Topic 605, revenues from the Company’s construction services were performed under fixed-price, time-and-equipment, time-and-materials, unit-price, and cost-plus fee contracts. For fixed-price and unit-price contracts, the Company used the ratio of cost incurred to date on the contract to management’s estimate of the contract’s total cost, to determine the percentage of completion on each contract. This method was used as management considered expended costs to be the best available measure of progression of these contracts. Contract cost included all direct costs on contracts, including labor and material, subcontractor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as supplies, fuel, tool repairs and depreciation. The Company recognized revenues from construction services with fees based on time-and-materials, or cost-plus fee as the services were performed and amounts were earned. If contracts included contract incentive or bonus provisions, they were included in estimated contract revenues only when the achievement of such incentive or bonus was reasonably certain.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Commercial and Industrial: The C&I segment provides services including the design, installation, maintenance and repair of commercial and industrial wiring, installation of traffic networks and the installation of bridge, roadway and tunnel lighting. Typical C&I contracts cover electrical contracting services for airports, hospitals, data centers, hotels, stadiums, convention centers, renewable energy projects, manufacturing plants, processing facilities, waste-water treatment facilities, mining facilities and transportation control and management systems. The C&I segment generally provides electric construction and maintenance services as a subcontractor to general contractors in the C&I industry, but also contracts directly with facility owners.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
