FIRM         : SCHW (CIK 0000316709) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000316709_SCHW_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2025-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 25.
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Aligns the criteria for capitalizing implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements (CCA) that are service contracts with internal-use software that is developed or purchased and CCAs that include an internal-use software license. This guidance requires that the capitalized implementation costs be recognized over the period of the CCA service contract, subject to impairment evaluation on an ongoing basis. The guidance prescribes the balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flow classification of the capitalized implementation costs and related amortization expense, and requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. Adoption provides for retrospective or prospective application to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ASU 2018-15, “Intangibles–Goodwill and Other–Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force)” ||| Aligns the criteria for capitalizing implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements (CCA) that are service contracts with internal-use software that is developed or purchased and CCAs that include an internal-use software license. This guidance requires that the capitalized implementation costs be recognized over the period of the CCA service contract, subject to impairment evaluation on an ongoing basis. The guidance prescribes the balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flow classification of the capitalized implementation costs and related amortization expense, and requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. Adoption provides for retrospective or prospective application to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption.
