FIRM         : BRO (CIK 0000079282) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000079282_BRO_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2019-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Leases are classified as either finance leases or operating leases. A lease is classified as a finance lease if any one of the following criteria are met: the lease transfers ownership of the asset by the end of the lease term, the lease contains an option to purchase the asset that is reasonably certain to be exercised, or the lease term is for a major part of the remaining useful life of the asset or the present value of the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the asset. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not meet any one of these criteria. None of the Company’s real estate leases for office space meet the definition of a finance lease. The Company’s policy is to own, rather than lease, equipment.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The excess of the purchase price of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and amortizable intangible assets is assigned to goodwill. While goodwill is not amortizable, it is subject to assessment at least annually, and more frequently in the presence of certain circumstances, for impairment by application of a fair value-based test. The Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount to determine if there is potential impairment of goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the fair value of the goodwill within the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Fair value is estimated based upon multiples of earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables (“EBITDAC”), or on a discounted cash flow basis. The Company completed its most recent annual assessment as of November 30, 2019 and determined that the fair value of goodwill significantly exceeded the carrying value of such assets. In addition, as of December 31, 2019, there are no accumulated impairment losses.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, “Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract,” which provides guidance for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). ASU 2018-15 will take effect for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The impact of ASU 2018-15 is not expected to be material to the Company.
