FIRM         : MYRG (CIK 0000700923) | FY2013
FILE         : 0000700923_MYRG_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2013
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Organization, Business and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Revenues
from the Company's construction services are performed under fixed-price, time-and-equipment, time-and-materials, unit-price, and cost-plus fee contracts. For fixed-price
contracts, the Company uses the ratio of cost incurred to date on the contract (excluding uninstalled direct materials) to management's estimate of the contract's total cost, to determine the
percentage of completion on each contract. This method is used as management considers expended costs to be the best available measure of progression of these contracts. Contract cost includes all
direct costs on contracts, including labor and material, subcontractor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as supplies, fuel, tool repairs and depreciation. The
Company recognizes revenues from construction services with fees based on time-and-materials, unit prices, or cost-plus fee as the services are performed and amounts are earned.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Commercial and Industrial: The C&I segment provides services such as the design, installation, maintenance and repair of commercial
and industrial
wiring, installation of traffic networks and the installation of bridge, roadway and tunnel lighting. Typical C&I contracts cover electrical contracting services for airports, hospitals, data centers,
hotels, stadiums, convention centers, manufacturing plants, processing facilities, waste-water treatment facilities, mining facilities and transportation control and management systems. C&I segment
services are generally focused on the Arizona and Colorado regional markets.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
