FIRM         : CATO (CIK 0000018255) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000018255_CATO_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : ERROR | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies:
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, Information technology
equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Not disclosed
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ ERREUR     : '<' not supported between instances of 'float' and 'NoneType'

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company invests in leaseholds and equipment primarily
in connection with the opening and remodeling of stores and in computer
software and hardware. The Company periodically reviews its store locations and
estimates the recoverability of its long-lived assets, which primarily relate
to Fixtures and equipment, Leasehold improvements, and Information technology
equipment and software. An impairment charge is recorded for the amount by
which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value when the Company
determines that projected cash flows associated with those long-lived assets
will not be sufficient to recover the carrying value. This determination is
based on a number of factors, including the store’s historical operating
results and projected cash flows, which include future sales growth
projections. Further, in determining when to close a store, the Company
considers real estate development in the area and perceived local market
conditions, which can be difficult to predict and may be subject to change. Asset impairment charges of $1,548,000, $7,698,000 and
$13,561,000 were incurred in fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016,
respectively. In addition, the Company
regularly evaluates its other long-lived assets and may accelerate depreciation
over the revised useful life if the asset is expected to be replaced or has
limited future value. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the
cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the
accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in income for that
period.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
