FIRM         : VZ (CIK 0000732712) | FY2021
FILE         : 0000732712_VZ_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-01-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
• Climate-Related Regulation and Policy – Due to the nature of our operations, we may be impacted by regulatory developments related to climate change, including, for example, the direct regulation of greenhouse gas emissions or carbon policies that could result in a tax on such emissions. In addition, policy-driven changes in the prices of fuel or energy in geographies in which we operate could make it more expensive for us to purchase energy to power our networks and data centers, and any increase in taxes on fuel could increase our costs associated with operating those vehicles in our fleet that are dependent on traditional fuels.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In the Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other markets, competition levels remain high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest information technology services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets and forging new alliances to improve their cost structure. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software defined networking, communication applications and other computing tasks via networks, rather than by the use of in-house machines. ||| The wireless network technology platform that carries the majority of our wireless traffic is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technology. As of December 31, 2021, our 4G LTE network covers approximately 328 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets with our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 Megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. LTE Home Internet, our home broadband internet service, leverages the Verizon 4G LTE network. ||| The spectrum licenses we hold can be used for mobile and fixed wireless voice, video and data communications services. We are licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to provide these wireless services on portions of the 800 MHz band, also known as cellular spectrum, the 1800-1900 MHz band, also known as Personal Communication Services (PCS) spectrum, portions of the 700 MHz upper C-Band and AWS 1 and 3 spectrum in the 1700 and 2100 MHz bands, in areas that collectively cover nearly all of the population of the U.S. We have also deployed 4G technologies in 3.5 Gigahertz (GHz) shared spectrum, using LTE/Citizens Broadband Radio Service, and in 5 GHz unlicensed spectrum, using LTE/Licensed Assisted Access. All of this spectrum is collectively called low and mid-band spectrum. We are using our low and mid-band spectrum to provide 3G, 4G LTE and 5G wireless services. We are increasingly reallocating spectrum previously used for 3G service to provide 4G LTE service. We are also utilizing low and mid-band spectrum through DSS for 5G to complement our spectrum licenses in the 28 and 39 GHz band, collectively called millimeter wave spectrum. In 2021, we acquired an average of 161 MHz of new mid-band spectrum in the continental United States in the 3700-3980 MHz band, also known as C-Band. We began using C-Band for 5G service in January 2022.
