FIRM         : DXYN (CIK 0000029332) | FY2015
FILE         : 0000029332_DXYN_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 26, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Provisions for depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment have been computed for financial reporting purposes using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, ranging from

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
"Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement." ||| ASU 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change GAAP for a customer's accounting for service contracts. The Company does not believe the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. ||| In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, "Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement." ASU 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change GAAP for a customer's accounting for service contracts. The Company does not believe the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
