FIRM         : EZPW (CIK 0000876523) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000876523_EZPW_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 15
ASSET CAT.   : furniture, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-7.0 ans | 10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
years for furniture, equipment and software development costs. We depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter of their estimated useful life (typically

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Software Development Costs and Cloud Computing Arrangements ||| We adopted ASU 2015-05, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other — Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 on a prospective basis for all arrangements entered into or materially modified after adoption of the ASU, and such adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We now consider whether cloud computing arrangements include a software license. In evaluating whether our arrangements include a software license, we consider whether we have the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and whether it is feasible for us to either run the software on our own hardware or contract with another party unrelated to the vendor to host the software. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then we account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, we account for the arrangement as a service contract. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other — Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40). This ASU provides guidance around accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted based upon guidance issued within the ASU. A reporting entity should apply the amendment either retrospectively or prospectively based on the specific guidance within the ASU. We are currently assessing the effect of adoption on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
