FIRM         : SF (CIK 0000720672) | FY2022
FILE         : 0000720672_SF_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2030-02-15
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2 – Summary of Signif icant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Office equipment, equipment
DURÉE        : 2.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0 ans | 2.0-7.0 ans | 30.0-9.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Office equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset of two to seven years . Depreciation expense is recorded in occupancy and equipment rental in the consolidated statements of operations. Office equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of financial condition.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Our diverse operations expose us to risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems external events, including technological or connectivity failures either at the exchanges in which we do business or between our data centers, operations processing sites, or our branches. Our businesses depend on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of complex transactions across numerous and diverse markets. The inability of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions could also constrain our ability to expand our businesses. Our financial, accounting, data processing, or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. Operational risk exists in every activity, function, or unit of our business, and can take the form of internal or external fraud, employment and hiring practices, an error in meeting a professional obligation, or failure to meet corporate fiduciary standards. Operational risk also exists in the event of business disruption, system failures, or failed transaction processing. Third parties with which we do business could also be  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
