FIRM         : SWK (CIK 0000093556) | FY2017
FILE         : 0000093556_SWK_FY2017_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 2/3
SECTION      : notes_to_financials
SECTION TITLE: 3. Exhibits
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company generally values property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”), including capitalized software, at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Core SFS / Industry 4.0, which targets cost and asset efficiency, remains as the foundation for the Company's operating system and has yielded significant advances in improving working capital turns and free cash flow generation. The five operating principles encompassed by Core SFS, which work in concert, include: sales and operations planning ("S&OP"), operational lean, complexity reduction, global supply management, and order-to-cash excellence. The Company plans to continue leveraging these principles to further enhance the Company's already strong asset efficiency performance. Additionally, the Company is making investments behind the adoption of Industry 4.0 and advancing the Company's capabilities surrounding the automation of manufacturing that includes IoT, cloud computing, Artificial Intelligence ("AI"), 3-D printing, robotics, and advanced materials, among others. ||| which targets cost and asset efficiency, remains as the foundation for the Company's operating system and has yielded significant advances in improving working capital turns and free cash flow generation. The five operating principles encompassed by Core SFS, which work in concert, include: sales and operations planning ("S&OP"), operational lean, complexity reduction, global supply management, and order-to-cash excellence. The Company plans to continue leveraging these principles to further enhance the Company's already strong asset efficiency performance. Additionally, the Company is making investments behind the adoption of Industry 4.0 and advancing the Company's capabilities surrounding the automation of manufacturing that includes IoT, cloud computing, Artificial Intelligence ("AI"), 3-D printing, robotics, and advanced materials, among others.
