FIRM         : POR (CIK 0000784977) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000784977_POR_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Costs to purchase or develop software applications for internal use only are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful life of the software.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15 Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , to provide guidance on implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. ASU 2018-15 aligns the accounting for such costs with the guidance on capitalizing costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. For calendar year-end entities, the update will be effective for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments in this update may be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. PGE does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and does not plan to early adopt. ||| Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| , to provide guidance on implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. ASU 2018-15 aligns the accounting for such costs with the guidance on capitalizing costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. For calendar year-end entities, the update will be effective for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments in this update may be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. PGE does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and does not plan to early adopt.
