FIRM         : EFX (CIK 0000033185) | FY2020
FILE         : 0000033185_EFX_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-02-10
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : data processing equipment and capitalized internal-use software and systems costs
DURÉE        : 3.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-7.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans | 10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives, which are generally three to ten years for data processing equipment and capitalized internal-use software and systems costs.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In the first quarter of 2020, we executed on our business continuity plans and formed a crisis management team to address the challenges related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. In March and April 2020, our employees worked from home in each country where we operate, with only essential employees in customer support and data center operations working on site at our facilities. Beginning in May, in jurisdictions where local restrictions implemented to prevent the further spread of the virus were lifted, our employees began to return to their assigned offices, with limits placed on the number of employees on site at one time. For employees working at our offices and facilities, we have instituted social distancing protocols, increased the level of cleaning and sanitizing in those facilities and undertaken other actions to make these sites safer. We have also substantially reduced employee travel to only essential business needs. As part of our business continuity plans, w e are generally following the requirements and protocols published by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and the World Health Organization , and s tate and local governments. If public health authorities dictate further measures to limit further spread of the virus, we may need to reinstate our business continuity plans in certain countries or regions in which we operate. As of the date of this filing, we do not believe our work from home and return to office protocol have materially adversely impacted our internal controls, financial reporting systems or our operations.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15 “Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract.” ASU 2018-15 requires that issuers follow the internal-use software guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 350-40 to determine which costs to capitalize as assets or expense as incurred. The ASC 350-40 guidance requires that certain costs incurred during the application development stage be capitalized and other costs incurred during the preliminary project and post-implementation stages be expensed as they are incurred. ASU 2018-15 is effective for fiscal years
