FIRM         : TDC (CIK 0000816761) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000816761_TDC_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized Software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Direct development costs associated with internal-use software are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the resulting software.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. In August 2018, the FASB issued new guidance that reduces complexity for the accounting for costs of implementing a cloud computing service arrangement and aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). For public companies, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. Implementation should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. The effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows are not expected to be material. ||| Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. ||| new guidance that reduces complexity for the accounting for costs of implementing a cloud computing service arrangement and aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). For public companies, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. Implementation should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. The effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows are not expected to be material.
