FIRM         : JKHY (CIK 0000779152) | FY2020
FILE         : 0000779152_JKHY_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2020-08-21
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company capitalizes new product development costs incurred for software to be sold from the point at which technological feasibility has been established through the point at which the product is ready for general availability. Software development costs that are capitalized are evaluated on a product-by-product basis annually and are assigned an estimated economic life based on the type of product, market characteristics, and maturity of the market for that particular product. These costs are amortized based on current and estimated future revenue from the product or on a straight-line basis, whichever yields greater amortization expense. All of this amortization expense is included within components of operating income, primarily cost of revenue.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
In August of 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles, Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), which broadens the scope of Subtopic 350-40 to include costs incurred to implement a hosting arrangement that is a service contract. The costs are capitalized or expensed depending on the nature of the costs and the project stage during which they are incurred, consistent with costs for internal-use software. The amendments in this update can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. The required ASU effective date for the Company is July 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company early-adopted ASU No. 2018-15 for its fiscal 2020 third quarter. The Company chose prospective adoption and there was no material impact on its consolidated financial statements for the quarter or year-to-date period.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
The Company leases certain office space, data centers and equipment. The Company’s leases have remaining terms of 1 to 13 years. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods, which are at the Company’s sole discretion. For leases where the Company is reasonably certain to exercise a renewal option, such option periods have been included in the determination of the Company’s ROU assets and lease liabilities. Certain leases require the Company to pay taxes, insurance, maintenance, and other operating expenses associated with the leased asset. Such amounts are not included in the measurement of the lease liability to the extent they are variable in nature. These variable lease costs are recognized as a variable lease expense when incurred. Certain leases include options to purchase the leased asset at the end of the lease term, which is assessed as a part of the Company’s lease classification determination. The depreciable life of the ROU asset and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term unless the Company is reasonably certain of a transfer of title or purchase option.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
