FIRM         : AEIS (CIK 0000927003) | FY2021
FILE         : 0000927003_AEIS_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 9. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLE, NET We record accounts and other receivable at net realizable value. Components of accounts and other receivabl
ASSET CAT.   : EQUIPMENT, Machinery and equipment, Computer equipment, furniture
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET Property and equipment, net is comprised of the following: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Estimated Useful ​ December 31, ​ December 31, ​ Life (in years) 2021 2020 Buildings ​ 25 ​ $ 1,625 ​ $ 1,776 Machinery and equipment ​ 5 to 8 ​ 133,010 ​ 115,404 Computer equipment, furniture, fixtures, and vehicles ​ 3 to 5 ​ 33,490 ​ 31,237 Leasehold improvements ​ 2 to 10 ​ 48,370 ​ 42,984 Construction in process ​ ​ ​ 5,914 ​ 3,693 ​ ​ ​ ​ 222,409 ​ 195,094 Less: Accumulated depreciation ​ ​ ​ (107,579) ​ (80,363) Property and equipment, net ​ ​ ​ $ 114,830 ​ $ 114,731 ​ The following table summarizes depreciation expense.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ("we," "us," "our," "Advanced Energy," or the "Company") design, manufacture, sell, and support precision power products that transform, refine, and modify the raw electrical power coming from either the utility or the building facility and convert it into various types of highly controllable, usable power that is predictable, repeatable, and customizable to meet the necessary requirements for powering a wide range of complex equipment. Our power solutions enable innovation in complex semiconductor and thin film plasma processes such as dry etch, strip and deposition, high and low voltage applications such as semiconductor process control, data center computing, networking, telecommunication, medical equipment, life science applications, industrial technology and production, scientific instruments, clean technology production, advanced material production and temperature-critical thermal applications. We also supply related sensing, controls, and instrumentation products for advanced measurement and calibration of radio frequency (“RF”) power and temperature, and electrostatic instrumentation products for test and measurement applications. Our network of global service support centers provides a recurring revenue opportunity as we offer repair services, conversions, upgrades, refurbishments, and used equipment to companies using our products.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Growth in the Semiconductor Equipment market is driven by growing integrated circuits content across many industries, increased demand for processing and storage in advanced applications such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and autonomous vehicles, and the rapid adoption of advanced mobile connectivity solutions such as 5G, which enhances existing and enables new wireless applications. To address the long-term growing demand for semiconductor devices, the industry continues to invest in production capacities for both leading-edge and trailing-edge nodes, logic devices, the latest memory devices including 3D-NAND, DRAM, and new emerging memories such as MRAM, and back-end test and advanced wafer-level packaging. The industry’s transition to advanced technology nodes in logic and DRAM and to increased layers in 3D-NAND memory devices require an increased number of plasma-based etch and deposition process tools and higher content of our advanced power solutions per tool. As etching and deposition processes become more challenging due to increasing aspect ratios in advanced 3D devices, more advanced RF, and DC technologies are needed. We are meeting these challenges by providing a broader range of more complex RF and DC power solutions. Beyond etch and deposition processes, the growing complexity at the advanced nodes also drive a higher number of other processes across the wafer fab, including inspection, metrology, thermal, ion implantation, and semiconductor test, where Advanced Energy is actively participating as a critical technology provider. In addition, our global support services group offers comprehensive local repair service, upgrade, and retrofit offerings to extend the useable life of our customers’ capital equipment for additional technology generations. The acquisition of Artesyn in September 2019 expanded Advanced Energy’s reach within the Semiconductor Equipment market by adding a broad ||| Following the acquisition of Artesyn in September 2019, Advanced Energy entered the Data Center Computing market with industry leading power conversion products and technologies, which we sell to OEMs and ODMs of data center server and storage systems, as well as cloud service providers and their partners. Driven by the growing adoption of cloud computing, market demand for server and storage equipment has shifted from enterprise on-premises computing to the data center, driving investments in data center infrastructure. In addition, the data center industry has started to transition to 48 Volt infrastructure, where 48 Volt DC power replaces 12 Volt in server racks in order to improve overall power efficiency. Advanced Energy benefits from these trends by leading the industry in providing 48 Volt server power solutions to the data center industry. Further, demand for edge computing is growing, driven by the need for faster processing, lower latency, higher data security, and more reliability than traditional cloud computing. With a wide range of many unique configurations and requirements, edge computing creates additional opportunities for Advanced Energy. Lastly, the rapid growth and adoption of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning is driving accelerated demand for server and storage racks with increased power density and higher efficiency, which plays well to Advanced Energy’s strengths. With a growing presence at both cloud service providers and industry leading data center server and storage vendors, we believe Advanced Energy is well positioned to continue to capitalize on the ongoing shift towards cloud computing. Our strategy in the Data Center and Computing market is to penetrate additional customers and applications based on our differentiated capability and competitive strengths in power density, efficiency, and controls. ||| investments in data center infrastructure. In addition, the data center industry has started to transition to 48 Volt infrastructure, where 48 Volt DC power replaces 12 Volt in server racks in order to improve overall power efficiency. Advanced Energy benefits from these trends by leading the industry in providing 48 Volt server power solutions to the data center industry. Further, demand for edge computing is growing, driven by the need for faster processing, lower latency, higher data security, and more reliability than traditional cloud computing. With a wide range of many unique configurations and requirements, edge computing creates additional opportunities for Advanced Energy. Lastly, the rapid growth and adoption of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning is driving accelerated demand for server and storage racks with increased power density and higher efficiency, which plays well to Advanced Energy’s strengths. With a growing presence at both cloud service providers and industry leading data center server and storage vendors, we believe Advanced Energy is well positioned to continue to capitalize on the ongoing shift towards cloud computing. Our strategy in the Data Center and Computing market is to penetrate additional customers and applications based on our differentiated capability and competitive strengths in power density, efficiency, and controls.
