FIRM         : MU (CIK 0000723125) | FY2023
FILE         : 0000723125_MU_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : August 31, 2023
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : software. Assets held for sale are carried at the lower of estimated fair value or carrying value and are included in current assets
DURÉE        : 3.0-5.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, plant, and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of generally 10 to 30 years for buildings, 7 years for production equipment, up to 7 years for other equipment, and 3 to 5 years for software.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
We receive incentives from governmental entities related to capital expenditures, expenses, and other activities. Our government incentives may require that we meet or maintain specified spending levels and other operational metrics and may be subject to reimbursement if such conditions are not met or maintained. Government incentives are recorded in the financial statements in accordance with their purpose: as a reduction of asset costs or a reduction of expenses. Incentives related to the acquisition or construction of fixed assets are recognized as a reduction in the carrying amounts of the related assets and reduce depreciation expense over the useful lives of the assets. Incentives related to specific operating activities are offset against the related expense in the period the expense is incurred. Government incentives received prior to being earned are recognized in current or noncurrent deferred income or restricted cash, whereas government incentives earned prior to being received are recognized in current or noncurrent receivables. Cash received from government incentives related to operating expenses is included as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows, whereas cash received from incentives related to the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment is included as an investing activity.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all . With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence and 5G applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
