FIRM         : ADTN (CIK 0000926282) | FY2022
FILE         : 0000926282_ADTN_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : ppe_note
SECTION TITLE: Note 24 – Subsequent Events
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment, machinery and equipment, computer software
DURÉE        : 3.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 3.0-7.0 ans | 5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment, which is stated at cost, is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We depreciate building and land improvements from five to 39 years , office machinery and equipment from three to seven years , engineering machinery and equipment from three to seven years , and computer software from three to five years .

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
We are focused on being a top global supplier of fiber-based communications infrastructure and SaaS applications spanning from the cloud edge (data center) to the subscriber edge (customer premise) serving both the residential and enterprise connectivity markets. We offer a broad portfolio of flexible network infrastructure solutions, customer premises equipment, software applications, and global services and support that enable service providers to meet their service demands now and in the future. These products and services enable service providers to transition to a common network supporting the simplified delivery of high-capacity services, regardless of subscriber density, network topology and infrastructure diversity.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In connection with the planned integration of information technology following the Business Combination, we determined that certain projects no longer fit our needs. As a result, the Company recognized impairment charges of $17.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily attributable to capitalized implementation costs for a cloud computing arrangement. There were no asset impairments recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. ||| Services & Support Segment - Includes a complete portfolio of maintenance, network implementation and solutions integration and managed services, which include hosted cloud services and subscription services to complement our Network Solutions segment. ||| Includes a complete portfolio of maintenance, network implementation and solutions integration and managed services, which include hosted cloud services and subscription services to complement our Network Solutions segment.
