FIRM         : FICO (CIK 0000814547) | FY2020
FILE         : 0000814547_FICO_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : September 30, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment and software
DURÉE        : 3.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0 ans | 6.0 ans | 7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Estimated Useful Life Data processing equipment and software 3 years to 6 years Office furniture and equipment 3 years to 7 years Leasehold improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term Equipment under capital lease Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In addition to usage-based royalty on our software and scoring products, transactional revenue is also derived from SaaS contracts in which we provide customers with access to and standard support for our software application either in the FICO ® Analytic Cloud or Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), our primary cloud infrastructure provider, on a subscription basis. The transaction price typically includes a fixed consideration in the form of a guaranteed minimum that allows up to a certain level of usage and a variable consideration in the form of usage or transaction-based fees in excess of the minimum threshold; or usage or transaction-based variable amount not subject to a minimum threshold. We determined the nature of our SaaS arrangements is to provide continuous access to our hosted application in the cloud, i.e., a stand-ready obligation that comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). We estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception — subject to any constraints that may apply — and update the estimates as new information becomes available and recognize the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless we determine it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In addition to usage-based royalty on our software and scoring products, transactional revenue is also derived from SaaS contracts in which we provide customers with access to and standard support for our software application either in the FICO ® Analytic Cloud or AWS, our primary cloud infrastructure provider, on a subscription basis. The transaction price typically includes a fixed consideration in the form of a guaranteed minimum that allows up to a certain level of usage and a variable consideration in the form of usage or transaction-based fees in excess of the minimum threshold; or usage or transaction-based variable amount not subject to a minimum threshold. We determined the nature of our SaaS arrangements is to provide continuous access to our hosted application in the cloud, i.e., a stand-ready obligation that comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). We estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception—subject to any constraints that may apply—and update the estimates as new information becomes available and recognize the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless we determine it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed. ||| Analytic Cloud or AWS, our primary cloud infrastructure provider, on a subscription basis. The transaction price typically includes a fixed consideration in the form of a guaranteed minimum that allows up to a certain level of usage and a variable consideration in the form of usage or transaction-based fees in excess of the minimum threshold; or usage or transaction-based variable amount not subject to a minimum threshold. We determined the nature of our SaaS arrangements is to provide continuous access to our hosted application in the cloud, i.e., a stand-ready obligation that comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). We estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception—subject to any constraints that may apply—and update the estimates as new information becomes available and recognize the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless we determine it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, “ Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Internal-Use Software. ” ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, which means that it will be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2020. We do not believe that adoption of ASU 2018-15 will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
