FIRM         : L (CIK 0000060086) | FY2017
FILE         : 0000060086_L_FY2017_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2017
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Contract drilling revenue from dayrate drilling contracts is recognized as services are performed. In connection with such
drilling contracts, Diamond Offshore may receive fees (either lump-sum or dayrate) for the mobilization of equipment. These fees are earned as services are performed over the initial term of the related
drilling contracts. Absent a contract, mobilization costs are recognized currently. From time to time, Diamond Offshore may receive fees from its customers for capital improvements to their rigs. Diamond Offshore defers such fees received and
recognizes these fees into revenue on a straight-line basis over the period of the related drilling contract. Diamond Offshore capitalizes the costs of such capital improvements and depreciates them over the estimated useful life of the improvement.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The cost of fixed maturity securities
classified as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, which are included in Net investment income on the Consolidated
Statements of Income. The amortization of premium and accretion of discount for fixed maturity securities takes into consideration call and maturity dates that produce the lowest yield. In 2015, the Company changed its accounting principle as
previously the amortization of premiums was to maturity. This change in estimate, effected by a change in accounting principle was adopted in the fourth quarter of 2015 and decreased Net investment income by $39 million in the Consolidated
Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease to Net investment income included a $22 million cumulative adjustment relating to prior periods. The total adjustment decreased basic and diluted net income per share
by $0.06 for the year ended December 31, 2015.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
