FIRM         : MYGN (CIK 0000899923) | FY2023
FILE         : 0000899923_MYGN_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2023-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : technology, information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0-15.0 ans | 5.0-7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company continually reviews and monitors long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred to develop internal-use technology, including certain implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements and hosting arrangements. The Company's cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements are primarily service contracts related to information technology. Implementation and development costs for internal-use technology are capitalized as part of Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had unamortized internal-use technology costs of $4.6 million and $7.1 million, respectively, within Other assets. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense for these capitalized internal-use technology was insignificant.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The Company continually reviews and monitors long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred to develop internal-use technology, including certain implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements and hosting arrangements. The Company's cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements are primarily service contracts related to information technology. Implementation and development costs for internal-use technology are capitalized as part of Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had unamortized internal-use technology costs of $4.6 million and $7.1 million, respectively, within Other assets. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense for these capitalized internal-use technology was insignificant.
