FIRM         : DECK (CIK 0000910521) | FY2017
FILE         : 0000910521_DECK_FY2017_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 12. Reportable Operating Segments
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company evaluates reportable operating segment performance primarily based on net sales and income (loss) from operations. The wholesale operations of each brand are managed separately because each requires different marketing, research and development, design, sourcing, and sales strategies. The income (loss) from operations for each of the reportable operating segments includes only those costs which are specifically related to each reportable operating segment, which consist primarily of cost of sales, research and development, design, sales and marketing, depreciation, amortization, and the costs of employees and their respective expenses that are directly related to each reportable operating segment. The Company does not allocate corporate overhead costs or non-operating income and expenses to reportable operating segments. The unallocated corporate overhead costs include unallocable costs associated with distribution centers, certain executive and stock compensation expenses, accounting, finance and legal costs, information technology costs, human resources costs, and facilities costs, among others.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
year. Property and equipment includes tangible, non-consumable items owned by the Company. Software implementation costs are capitalized if they are incurred during the application development stage and relate to costs to obtain computer software from third parties, including related consulting expenses, or costs incurred to modify existing software that results in additional upgrades or enhancements that provide additional functionality. Software costs related to cloud computing arrangements are expensed as incurred, including labor. ||| Property and Equipment, Depreciation and Amortization . Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization, and generally has a useful life expectancy of at least one year. Property and equipment includes tangible, non-consumable items owned by the Company. Software implementation costs are capitalized if they are incurred during the application development stage and relate to costs to obtain computer software from third parties, including related consulting expenses, or costs incurred to modify existing software that results in additional upgrades or enhancements that provide additional functionality. Software costs related to cloud computing arrangements are expensed as incurred, including labor.
