FIRM         : LPX (CIK 0000060519) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000060519_LPX_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. PRESENT AND PROSPECTIVE ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
On January 1, 2018, we adopted ASU 2017-07, "Retirement Benefits - Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost" (an amendment to ASC 715), to improve the presentation of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs. We retrospectively adopted the presentation of service cost separate from the other components of net periodic costs. The interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service costs, amortization of net actuarial losses and settlement costs have been reclassified from Cost of sales, Selling, general and administrative expenses and Other operating credits and charges to Non-operating income (expense). We elected to apply the practical expedient which allows us to reclassify amounts disclosed previously in the retirement benefits note as the basis for applying retrospective presentation for comparative periods as it is impracticable to determine the disaggregation of the cost components for amounts capitalized and amortized in those periods. On a prospective basis, the other components of net periodic benefit costs (excluding service cost) will not be included in amounts capitalized in inventory or property, plant, and equipment.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, "Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract", which provides additional guidance on the accounting for costs of implementation activities performed in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. The amendments require an entity in such arrangements to account for implementation costs in the same manner as internal-use software as outlined in ASC 350. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.
