FIRM         : POR (CIK 0000784977) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000784977_POR_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Costs to purchase or develop software applications for internal use only are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful life of the software.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Commercial deliveries also decreased by 1.7% largely as a result of less favorable weather conditions. Deliveries to several retail sectors decreased, including food and merchandise stores and health care, while other service sectors, including data centers, showed growth. Energy efficiency programs and efforts continues to impact growth and are likely reducing energy deliveries.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| , to provide guidance on implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. ASU 2018-15 aligns the accounting for such costs with the guidance on capitalizing costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. For calendar year-end entities, the update will be effective for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2020, early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments in this update should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. PGE is in the process of evaluating potential impacts of these amendments, and whether it will early adopt. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15 Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , to provide guidance on implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. ASU 2018-15 aligns the accounting for such costs with the guidance on capitalizing costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. For calendar year-end entities, the update will be effective for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2020, early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments in this update should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. PGE is in the process of evaluating potential impacts of these amendments, and whether it will early adopt.
