FIRM         : DY (CIK 0000067215) | FY2024
FILE         : 0000067215_DY_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2025-04-26
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment, Capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives (see Note 9, Property and Equipment , for the range of useful lives). Capitalized software consists primarily of costs to purchase and develop internal-use software and is amortized over its

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In addition, the advent of AI data centers has created expanding opportunities as hyperscalers look to connect data centers with long-haul, private, redundant fiber networks. Finally, wireless networks are deploying additional spectrum bands and equipment to more broadly and efficiently provision higher broadband services for both fixed and mobile access.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee compensation and related expenses, including performance-based compensation and stock-based compensation, legal, consulting and professional fees, information technology and development costs, amortization of implementation costs associated with cloud computing arrangements, provision for or recoveries of bad debt expense, acquisition and integration costs of businesses acquired, and other costs not directly related to the provision of our services under customer contracts. Our provision for bad debt expense is determined by evaluating specific accounts receivable and contract asset balances based on historical collection trends, the age of outstanding receivables, and the creditworthiness of our customers. We incur information technology and development costs primarily to support and enhance our operating efficiency. Our executive management team and the senior management of our subsidiaries perform substantially all of our sales and marketing functions as part of their management responsibilities. ||| General and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee compensation and related expenses, including performance-based compensation and stock-based compensation, legal, consulting and professional fees, information technology and development costs, amortization of implementation costs associated with cloud computing arrangements, provision for or recoveries of bad debt expense, acquisition and integration costs of businesses acquired, and other costs not directly related to the provision of our services under customer contracts. Our provision for bad debt expense is determined by evaluating specific accounts receivable and contract asset balances based on historical collection trends, the age of outstanding receivables, and the creditworthiness of our customers. We incur information technology and development costs primarily to support and enhance our operating efficiency. Our executive management team and the senior management of our subsidiaries perform substantially all of our sales and marketing functions as part of their management responsibilities. ||| Implementation Costs – Cloud Computing Arrangements. In accordance with ASU 2018-15, Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract, which amends ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software, to the extent costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement are capitalizable, the corresponding costs are recorded in other assets and the related amortization is included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The amount of capitalized cloud computing implementation costs included in other non-current assets
