FIRM         : LUMN (CIK 0000018926) | FY2013
FILE         : 0000018926_LUMN_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : network equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Effective January 2014, we will change the estimates of the remaining economic lives of certain switch and circuit network equipment. We estimate this will result in a net increase in depreciation expense in our consolidated statements of operations of

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
data centers throughout North America, Europe and Asia. Our methodology for counting access lines may not be comparable to those of other companies.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Managed hosting. Managed hosting services provide a fully managed solution for a customer's IT infrastructure and network needs, and include dedicated and cloud hosting services, utility and computing storage, consulting and managed security services. We believe that competitive cloud computing offerings have led to increased pricing pressure and increased service disconnections by our customers, and expect those trends to continue. However, we remain focused on expanding our managed hosting business, specifically in our cloud service offerings, which we believe is a key to growth. We believe that we have continued to strengthen our cloud offering by adding differentiating features to our cloud products; ||| Managed hosting services provide a fully managed solution for a customer's IT infrastructure and network needs, and include dedicated and cloud hosting services, utility and computing storage, consulting and managed security services. We believe that competitive cloud computing offerings have led to increased pricing pressure and increased service disconnections by our customers, and expect those trends to continue. However, we remain focused on expanding our managed hosting business, specifically in our cloud service offerings, which we believe is a key to growth. We believe that we have continued to strengthen our cloud offering by adding differentiating features to our cloud products;
