FIRM         : TDC (CIK 0000816761) | FY2024
FILE         : 0000816761_TDC_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 5. recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation.
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized Software, computer software
DURÉE        : 4.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : NVIDIA (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Direct development costs associated with internal-use software are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the resulting software. Teradata typically amortizes capitalized internal-use software on a straight-line basis over four years beginning when the asset is substantially ready for use.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Cloud computing arrangements. Implementation costs incurred in our hosting arrangements that are service contracts are recorded as other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Implementation costs include activities such as integrating, configuring and customizing the related software. Capitalization of these costs ceases once the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended purpose. Costs incurred for post-configuration training, maintenance and minor modifications or enhancements are expensed as incurred. The capitalized cloud computing implementation costs are amortized on the straight-line basis over the fixed, non-cancellable term of the associated hosting arrangement plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. We apply the same impairment model to these assets as we use to evaluate internally-developed software for impairment. ||| Cloud computing arrangements. ||| Implementation costs incurred in our hosting arrangements that are service contracts are recorded as other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Implementation costs include activities such as integrating, configuring and customizing the related software. Capitalization of these costs ceases once the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended purpose. Costs incurred for post-configuration training, maintenance and minor modifications or enhancements are expensed as incurred. The capitalized cloud computing implementation costs are amortized on the straight-line basis over the fixed, non-cancellable term of the associated hosting arrangement plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. We apply the same impairment model to these assets as we use to evaluate internally-developed software for impairment.
