FIRM         : MU (CIK 0000723125) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000723125_MU_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : 5.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 5.0-7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, Plant, and Equipment: Property, plant, and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of generally 10 to 30 years for buildings, 5 to 7 years for equipment, and 3 to 5 years for software.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
We receive incentives from governmental entities related to expenses, assets, and other activities. Our government incentives may require that we meet or maintain specified spending levels and other operational metrics and may be subject to reimbursement if such conditions are not met or maintained. Government incentives are recorded in the financial statements in accordance with their purpose: as a reduction of expenses, a reduction of asset costs, or other income. Incentives related to specific operating activities are offset against the related expense in the period the expense is incurred. Incentives related to the acquisition or construction of fixed assets are recognized as a reduction in the carrying amounts of the related assets and reduce depreciation expense over the useful lives of the assets. Other incentives are recognized as other operating income. Government incentives received prior to being earned are recognized in current or noncurrent deferred income, whereas government incentives earned prior to being received are recognized in current or noncurrent receivables. Cash received from government incentives related to operating expenses are included as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows, whereas cash received from incentives related to the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment are included as an investing activity.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Micron Technology, Inc., including its consolidated subsidiaries, is an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron, Crucial, and Ballistix – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, NOR Flash, and 3D XPoint memory, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like cloud, data center, networking, and mobile. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Micron and our consolidated subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to current period presentation.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
