FIRM         : NWL (CIK 0000814453) | FY2016
FILE         : 0000814453_NWL_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
,” to help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license element, then the customer should account for the software license element arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The Company prospectively adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016, and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other -Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| ,” to help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license element, then the customer should account for the software license element arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The Company prospectively adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016, and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. ||| In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, “ Intangibles - Goodwill and Other -Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ,” to help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license element, then the customer should account for the software license element arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The Company prospectively adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016, and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
