FIRM         : FELE (CIK 0000038725) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000038725_FELE_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment, computer software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation of plant and equipment is calculated on a straight line basis over the following estimated useful lives:

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2018-15, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. This ASU aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include internal-use software license). The ASU should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption and is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The Company prospectively adopted the standard in the third quarter of 2019, and it did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
During the third quarter ended September 30, 2018, the Company acquired, in separate transactions, substantially all of the assets of the Stationary Power Division (“SPD”) of Midtronics, Inc., and 100 percent of the ownership interest in Industrias Rotor Pump S.A. (“Industrias Rotor Pump”), located in the United States and Argentina, respectively. Neither of the acquisitions were material individually or in the aggregate, and the final combined purchase price was $37 million. The operating results of the two businesses from their respective dates of acquisition through December 31, 2018 were not material to the Company as a whole. SPD offers a variety of products to users in the electrical substation monitoring, data center and mobile telecommunications markets. Annual net sales for SPD are approximately one percent of consolidated net sales and the fair value of the acquired assets are less than one percent of consolidated total assets. Industrias Rotor Pump is the leading provider of water pumping equipment in Argentina. Annual net sales for Industrias Rotor Pump are less than one percent of consolidated net sales and the fair value of the acquired assets are estimated to be less than three percent of consolidated total assets.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2018-15, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. This ASU aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include internal-use software license). The ASU should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption and is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The Company prospectively adopted the standard in the third quarter of 2019, and it did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. ||| Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract.
