FIRM         : EZPW (CIK 0000876523) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000876523_EZPW_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : September 30, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 15
ASSET CAT.   : buildings
DURÉE        : 2.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-7.0 ans | 10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
We depreciate these assets on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of 30 years for buildings and two to seven years for furniture, equipment and software development costs.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2018-15, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other — Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract, which requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350-40 to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset. This ASU generally aligns the guidance on recognizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with that for implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software, including hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license. Our hosting arrangements that are service contracts include various third-party software applications. We adopted this ASU during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on a prospective basis for all service contracts entered into after adoption, with no material impact upon adoption. ||| Software Development Costs and Cloud Computing Arrangements ||| We consider whether cloud computing arrangements include a software license. In evaluating whether our arrangements include a software license, we consider whether we have the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and whether it is feasible for us to either run the software on our own hardware or contract with another party unrelated to the vendor to host the software. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then we account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, we account for the arrangement as a service contract.
