FIRM         : PENN (CIK 0000921738) | FY2015
FILE         : 0000921738_PENN_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Business and Basis of Presentation
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
from
derecognizing the real estate assets and is instead required to recognize a financing obligation for the minimum lease payments due under the Master Lease. The restated consolidated balance
sheets therefore include an adjustment to property and equipment, net for the carrying value of the real property assets leased from GLPI of $2.04 billion at December 31, 2014, and
additional liabilities of $3.61 billion at December 31, 2014, representing the present value of the future minimum lease payments due to GLPI under the Master Lease. Consequently, the
restated consolidated statements of operations no longer report rent expense for the obligations under the Master Lease, but rather include interest expense associated with the financing obligation
and depreciation expense related to the real estate assets, along with the periodic reduction of the financing obligation reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. The lease payment amounts
previously recorded as rent expense were $421.4 million and $69.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The increases to interest expense and
depreciation expense as a result of the restatement were $379.2 million and $89.8 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2014, and $62.1 million and
$14.8 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2013.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Management uses adjusted EBITDA as the primary measure of the operating performance of its segments, including the evaluation of operating personnel and is
especially relevant in evaluating large, long lived casino projects because they provide a perspective on the current effects of operating decisions separated from the substantial non-operational
depreciation charges and financing costs of such projects. The Company defines adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, stock compensation, debt extinguishment charges, impairment charges,
insurance recoveries and deductible charges, depreciation and amortization, changes in the estimated fair value of contingent purchase price to the previous owners of Plainridge Racecourse, gain or
loss on disposal of assets, and other income or expenses. Adjusted EBITDA is also inclusive of results from discontinued operations, income or loss from unconsolidated affiliates, with our share of
non-operating items (such as depreciation and amortization) added back for our joint venture in Kansas Entertainment. Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as alternatives to operating income, as
indicators of the Company's operating performance, as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities, as measures of liquidity, or as any other measures of performance determined in accordance
with GAAP. The Company has significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, taxes and debt principal repayments, which are not reflected in adjusted EBITDA.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
