FIRM         : SIG (CIK 0000832988) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000832988_SIG_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : February 2, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Cost of sales includes merchandise costs net of discounts and allowances, freight, processing and distribution costs of moving merchandise from suppliers to distribution centers and stores inclusive of payroll, inventory shrinkage, store operating and occupancy costs, net bad debts and charges for late payments prior to credit outsourcing. Store operating and occupancy costs include utilities, rent, real estate taxes, common area maintenance charges and depreciation. Selling, general and administrative expenses include store staff and store administrative costs; centralized administrative expenses, including information technology and cost of in-house credit prior to the Company’s outsourcing initiatives and subsequently third-party credit costs; advertising and promotional costs and other operating expenses not specifically categorized elsewhere in the consolidated income statements.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The North America segment sells ESP, subject to certain conditions, to perform repair work over the life of the product. Revenue from the sale of the lifetime ESP is recognized consistent with the estimated pattern of claim costs expected to be incurred by the Company in connection with performing under the ESP obligations. The deferral period for ESP sales is determined from patterns of claims costs, including estimates of future claims costs expected to be incurred. Management reviews the trends in claims to assess whether changes are required to the revenue and cost recognition rates utilized. A significant change in estimates related to the time period or pattern in which warranty-related costs are expected to be incurred could materially impact revenues. All direct costs associated with the sale of these plans are deferred and amortized in proportion to the revenue recognized and disclosed as either other current assets or other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Based on an evaluation of historical claims data, management currently estimates that substantially all claims will be incurred within

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
