FIRM         : FHB (CIK 0000036377) | FY2018
FILE         : 0000036377_FHB_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2018
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment and the shorter of the lease term or remaining useful life for
DURÉE        : 4.0-20.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are computed on a straight‑line basis over the estimated useful lives of 10 to 39 years for premises, 4 to 20 years for equipment and the shorter of the lease term or remaining useful life for leasehold improvements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract . This guidance aligns the accounting for implementation costs related to a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the guidance on capitalizing costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. Common examples of hosting arrangements include software as a service, platform or infrastructure as a service and other similar types of hosting arrangements. While capitalized costs related to internal-use software is generally considered an intangible asset, costs incurred to implement a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract would typically be characterized in the company’s financial statements in the same manner as other service costs (e.g., prepaid expense). The new guidance provides that an entity would be required to amortize capitalized implementation costs over the term of the hosting arrangement on a straight-line basis unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the pattern in which the entity expects to benefit from access to the hosted software. This update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, with earlier adoption permitted in any annual or interim period for which financial statements have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company early adopted the provisions of ASU No. 2018-15 on January 1, 2019 due to the Company’s shift towards utilizing more hosting arrangements that are service contracts. The adoption of ASU No. 2018-15 did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. ||| Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract ||| . This guidance aligns the accounting for implementation costs related to a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the guidance on capitalizing costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. Common examples of hosting arrangements include software as a service, platform or infrastructure as a service and other similar types of hosting arrangements. While capitalized costs related to internal-use software is generally considered an intangible asset, costs incurred to implement a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract would typically be characterized in the company’s financial statements in the same manner as other service costs (e.g., prepaid expense). The new guidance provides that an entity would be required to amortize capitalized implementation costs over the term of the hosting arrangement on a straight-line basis unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the pattern in which the entity expects to benefit from access to the hosted software. This update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, with earlier adoption permitted in any annual or interim period for which financial statements have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company early adopted the provisions of ASU No. 2018-15 on January 1, 2019 due to the Company’s shift towards utilizing more hosting arrangements that are service contracts. The adoption of ASU No. 2018-15 did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
