FIRM         : AJG (CIK 0000354190) | FY2023
FILE         : 0000354190_AJG_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Terms Used in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ASC - Accounting Standards Codification. ASU - 
ASSET CAT.   : Office equipment, Furniture and fixtures, Computer equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans | 10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation for fixed assets is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: Useful Life Office equipment Three to ten years Furniture and fixtures Three to ten years Computer equipment Three to five years Building Fifteen to forty years Software Three to five years Refined fuel plants Ten years Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or useful life of the asset

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Deferred Costs We incur costs to provide brokerage and risk management services. Those costs are either (i) costs to obtain a contract or (ii) costs to fulfill such contract, or (iii) all other costs. (i) Costs to obtain - we incur costs to obtain a contract with a client. Those costs would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Almost all of our costs to obtain are incurred prior to, or on, the effective date of the contract and consist primarily of incentive compensation we pay to our production employees. Our costs to obtain are expensed as incurred as described in Note 4 to these consolidated financial statements. (ii) Costs to fulfill - we incur costs to fulfill a contract (or anticipated contract) with a client. Those costs are incurred prior to the effective date of the contract and relate to fulfilling our primary placement obligations to our clients. Our costs to fulfill prior to the effective date are capitalized and amortized on the effective date. These fulfillment activities include collecting underwriting information from our client, assessing their insurance needs and negotiating their placement with one or more underwriting enterprises. The majority of costs that we incur relate to compensation and benefits of our client service employees. Costs incurred during preplacement activities are 78 expected to be recovered in the future. If the capitalized costs are no longer deemed to be recoverable, then they would be expensed. (iii) Other costs that are not costs to obtain or fulfill are expensed as incurred. Examples include other operating costs such as rent, utilities, management costs, overhead costs, legal and other professional fees, technology costs, insurance related costs, communication and advertising, and travel and entertainment. Depreciation, amortization and change in estimated acquisition earnout payable are expensed as incurred.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
We have operating leases primarily related to branch facilities, data centers, sales offices, and agent locations, automobiles and office equipment. Many of our leases include both lease (fixed rent payments) and non-lease components (common-area or other maintenance costs) which are accounted for as a single lease component as we have elected the practical expedient to group lease and non-lease components for all leases. Variable lease payments, such as periodically indexed and/or market adjustments, are presented as lease expense in the period in which they are incurred. Since we did not elect the short-term policy election, we record leases of 12 months or less on the balance sheet.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
