FIRM         : ROP (CIK 0000882835) | FY2017
FILE         : 0000882835_ROP_FY2017_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software balances, net of accumulated amortization, were

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
In April 2015, the FASB issued an update providing guidance to determine whether the fee paid by an entity for a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the software license element of the arrangement should be accounted for consistently with the acquisition of other software licenses. A cloud computing arrangement that does not include a software license should be accounted for as a service contract. The update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively. The Company adopted the update prospectively effective January 1, 2016. The update did not have a material impact on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In April 2015, the FASB issued an update providing guidance to determine whether the fee paid by an entity for a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the software license element of the arrangement should be accounted for consistently with the acquisition of other software licenses. A cloud computing arrangement that does not include a software license should be accounted for as a service contract. The update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively. The Company adopted the update prospectively effective January 1, 2016. The update did not have a material impact on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
