FIRM         : VYX (CIK 0000070866) | FY2015
FILE         : 0000070866_VYX_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 17. QUARTERLY INFORMATION (unaudited)
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized Software
DURÉE        : 4.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized Software Certain direct development costs associated with internal-use software are capitalized within other assets and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the resulting software. NCR typically amortizes capitalized internal-use software on a straight-line basis over four to seven years beginning when the asset is substantially ready for use, as this is considered to approximate the usage pattern of the software.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
. The decrease in our product revenue was due to declines in the Financial Services and the Retail Solutions operating segments in the EMEA and APJ theaters and declines in the Hospitality operating segment in the Americas theater, partially offset by growth in the Retail Solutions operating segment in the Americas theater and growth in the Emerging Industries operating segment in the APJ theater. The decrease in our services revenue was attributable to decreases in transaction and annuity services, partially offset by an increase in our software maintenance and cloud services. Services revenue decreased in the Financial Services and Retail Solutions operating segments in the EMEA and APJ theaters and decreased in the Emerging Industries operating segment in the EMEA theater, partially offset by an increase in all operating segments in the Americas theater and an increase in the Emerging Industries operating segment in the APJ theater. ||| . The decrease in our product revenue was due to declines in the Retail Solutions and Hospitality operating segments in the Americas theater, a decline in the Emerging Industries operating segment in the EMEA theater, and a decline in the Financial Services and Retail Solutions operating segments in the APJ theater. These declines were partially offset by growth in the Financial Services, Retail Solutions, and Hospitality operating segments in the EMEA theater and growth in the Financial Services operating segment in the Americas theater. The increase in our services revenue was attributable to increases in all our services offerings, which include professional and installation services, maintenance services and cloud services. Services revenue increased in all operating segments in the EMEA and APJ theaters and increased in the Financial Services, Hospitality and Emerging Industries operating segments in the Americas theater. The increases were partially offset by a decrease in the Retail Solutions operating segment in the Americas theater. ||| Revenue decreased 3% in 2015 from 2014 due to declines in our Financial Services and Retail Solutions operating segments partially offset by improvement in our Hospitality and Emerging Industries operating segments. Foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted the revenue comparison by 6% . For the year ended December 31, 2015 our product revenue decreased 6% and our services revenue decreased 1% compared to the year ended December 31, 2014 . The decrease in our product revenue was due to declines in the Financial Services and the Retail Solutions operating segments in the EMEA and APJ theaters and declines in the Hospitality operating segment in the Americas theater, partially offset by growth in the Retail Solutions operating segment in the Americas theater and growth in the Emerging Industries operating segment in the APJ theater. The decrease in our services revenue was attributable to decreases in transaction and annuity services, partially offset by an increase in our software maintenance and cloud services. Services revenue decreased in the Financial Services and Retail Solutions operating segments in the EMEA and APJ theaters and decreased in the Emerging Industries operating segment in the EMEA theater, partially offset by an increase in all operating segments in the Americas theater and an increase in the Emerging Industries operating segment in the APJ theater.
