FIRM         : COHR (CIK 0000820318) | FY2020
FILE         : 0000820318_COHR_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : June 30, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Leases. Leases are recognized under ASC 842, Leases. The Company determines whether a contract contains a lease at contract inception. A contract contains a lease if there is an identified asset and the Company has the right to control the asset. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company uses the incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments, unless the implicit rate is readily determinable. If lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease, the ROU asset and lease liability are measured based on the reasonably certain decision. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component for all classes of leased assets for which the Company is the lessee. Additionally, for certain equipment leases, the portfolio approach is applied to account for the operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities. In the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss), lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For finance leases, interest expense is recognized on the lease liability and the ROU asset is amortized over the lease term. Some leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent upon usage or output, or may vary for other reasons, such as insurance or tax payments. Variable lease payments are recognized as incurred and are not presented as part of the ROU asset or lease liability. See Notes 2 and 12 for additional information.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Finisar is a global technology leader in optical communications, providing components and subsystems to networking equipment manufacturers, data center operators, telecom service providers, consumer electronics and automotive companies. Finisar, headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, designs products that meet the increasing demands for network bandwidth, data storage and 3D sensing subsystems. As part of the Finisar acquisition, the Company entered into a new Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24 2019. This agreement secured $2.425 billion in aggregate principle amount of senior secured credit facilities. See Note 9. Debt, to our Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
