FIRM         : PFE (CIK 0000078003) | FY2020
FILE         : 0000078003_PFE_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2020-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Implementation Costs in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ––We prospectively adopted the new standard related to customers’ accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is considered a service contract. The new guidance aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs in such arrangements with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Implementation Costs in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ––We prospectively adopted the new standard related to customers’ accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is considered a service contract. The new guidance aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs in such arrangements with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. ||| Implementation Costs in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| ––We prospectively adopted the new standard related to customers’ accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is considered a service contract. The new guidance aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs in such arrangements with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
