FIRM         : VICR (CIK 0000751978) | FY2022
FILE         : 0000751978_VICR_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0 ans | 5.0 ans | 11.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The capitalized software is amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software. As of December 31, 2022, we had $3,202,000 of capitalized internal-use software costs which have not been amortized as the software has not yet been placed in service.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
The Company’s products are sold worldwide to customers ranging from smaller, independent manufacturers of highly specialized electronic devices, to larger OEMs, ODMs and their contract manufacturers. The Company’s Brick Products’ customers are primarily concentrated in the following industries: aerospace and defense electronics, industrial autom ati on, industrial equipment, instrumentation and test equipment, and transportation (notably in rail and heavy equipment applications). The Company’s Advanced Products’ customers are concentrated in the data center and hyperscaler segments of enterprise computing, in which the Company’s products are used for voltage distribution on server motherboards, in server racks, and across datacenter infrastructure . The Company also targets applications in aerospace and aviation, defense electronics, industrial automation, instrumentation, test equipment, solid state lighting, telecommunications and networking infrastructure, and vehicles (notably in the autonomous driving, electric vehicle, and hybrid vehicle niches of the vehicle segment). While, overall, the Company has a broad customer base and sells into a variety of industries, a substantial portion of the Company’s revenue from its Advanced Products line has been derived from a limited number of customers. This concentration of revenue is a reflection of the relatively early stage of adoption of the technologies, architectures and products offered in the Advanced Products line, and the Company’s strategy of targeting market leading innovators as initial customers for its Advanced Products. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable are limited due to the number of entities comprising the Company’s customer base. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, one customer accounted for approximately 15.4 % and 10.0 %, respectively, of trade account receivables.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The applications in which our Advanced Products and Brick Products are used are typically in the higher-performance, higher-power segments of the market segments we serve. With our Advanced Products, we generally serve large Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”), Original Design Manufacturers (“ODMs”), and their contract manufacturers, with sales currently concentrated in the data center and hyperscaler segments of enterprise computing, in which our products are used for voltage distribution on server motherboards, in server racks, and across datacenter infrastructure. We have established a leadership position in the emerging market segment for powering high-performance processors used for acceleration of applications associated with artificial intelligence (“AI”). Our customers in the AI market segment include the leading innovators in processor and accelerator design, as well as early adopters in cloud computing and high performance computing. We also target applications in aerospace and aviation, defense electronics, industrial automation, instrumentation, test equipment, solid state lighting, telecommunications and networking infrastructure, and vehicles(notably in the autonomous driving, electric vehicle, and hybrid vehicle niches of the vehicle segment). With our Brick Products, we generally serve a fragmented base of large and small customers, concentrated in aerospace and
