FIRM         : BALL (CIK 0000009389) | FY2016
FILE         : 0000009389_BALL_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2016
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Critical and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : buildings and improvements
DURÉE        : 3.0-23.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, plant and equipment are carried at the cost of acquisition or construction and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets are depreciated and amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, generally 5 to 40 years for buildings and improvements and 2 to 20 years for machinery and equipment. Finite-lived intangible assets, including capitalized software costs, are generally amortized over their estimated useful lives of 3 to 23 years.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
This includes the estimated costs of employee severance, pension and related benefits; impairment of property and equipment and other assets, including estimates of net realizable value; accelerated depreciation; termination payments for contracts and leases; contractual obligations; and any other qualifying costs related to the exit plan.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In April 2015, amendments to existing accounting guidance were issued to provide explicit guidance related to a customer’s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. Under the guidance, cloud computing arrangements that include a software license are to be accounted for consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. Conversely, cloud computing arrangements that do not include a software license are to be accounted for as a service contract or other applicable accounting guidance. This guidance was applied prospectively on January 1, 2016, and did not have a material effect on the company’s consolidated financial statements.
