FIRM         : INTU (CIK 0000896878) | FY2024
FILE         : 0000896878_INTU_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-07-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
The era of AI is one of the most significant technological shifts in decades, igniting global innovations at incredible pace. Intuit made an early bet on AI, declaring its AI-driven expert platform strategy in 2019 to deliver on its mission of powering prosperity for consumers and small and mid-market businesses. Our strategy, combined with our five Big Bets that focus on the largest customer problems and growth opportunities, positions us for durable growth in the future. Our scale of data, our investment in AI capabilities such as knowledge engineering, machine learning, and generative AI (GenAI), and our network of AI-powered virtual experts give us significant advantage as we deliver reimagined customer experiences.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Our online offerings include QuickBooks Online, online payroll services, merchant payment processing and bill pay services, Mailchimp’s marketing automation and customer relationship management offerings, TurboTax Online, ProConnect Tax Online, consumer and professional electronic tax filing services, and Credit Karma offerings. We use public cloud providers, such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform for most of our systems, networks, and databases used to operate these online offerings. ||| Ms. Tessel has been Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s Small Business & Self-Employed Group since September 2023. She previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from January 2019 to September 2023 and Chief Product Development Officer of Intuit’s Small Business & Self-Employed Group from June 2017 to December 2018. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms. Tessel worked for Docker Inc., a software containerization platform, serving as Senior Vice President of Engineering and Executive Vice President of Strategic Development from November 2014 to June 2017, and VMware, which provides cloud computing and related services, from June 2008 through November 2014, most recently serving as Vice President of Engineering. She has served on the board of directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. since March 2021. Ms. Tessel holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computing from Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. ||| Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. As we continue to grow our online services, we become more dependent on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology and communications systems and those of our external service providers, including, for example, third-party Internet-based or cloud computing services. We do not have redundancy for all of our systems, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. We have designed a significant portion of our software and computer systems to utilize data processing and storage capabilities provided by public cloud providers. If any public cloud service that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may not be able to access certain of our cloud products or features, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results.
