FIRM         : MYGN (CIK 0000899923) | FY2024
FILE         : 0000899923_MYGN_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 4.0-14.0 ans | 5.0-7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company continually reviews and monitors long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If such indicators are present, the Company performs a recoverability test by comparing the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company capitalizes certain implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements and hosting arrangements. The Company's cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements are primarily service contracts related to information technology. Implementation and development costs for cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements are capitalized as part of Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had unamortized cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements of $3.4 million and $4.6 million, respectively, within Other assets. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, amortization expense for these capitalized amounts was insignificant.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The Company continually reviews and monitors long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If such indicators are present, the Company performs a recoverability test by comparing the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company capitalizes certain implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements and hosting arrangements. The Company's cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements are primarily service contracts related to information technology. Implementation and development costs for cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements are capitalized as part of Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had unamortized cloud computing arrangements or hosting arrangements of $3.4 million and $4.6 million, respectively, within Other assets. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, amortization expense for these capitalized amounts was insignificant.
