FIRM         : VICR (CIK 0000751978) | FY2019
FILE         : 0000751978_VICR_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2019-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : ppe_note
SECTION TITLE: 6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-39.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0 ans | 5.0 ans | 6.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated and amortized over a period of three to 39 years generally under the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes and accelerated methods for income tax purposes.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
The Company’s products are sold worldwide to customers ranging from smaller, independent manufacturers of highly specialized electronic devices, to larger OEMs, ODMs and their contract manufacturers. See Note 19, Segment Information , for a discussion of a change to segment reporting in the second quarter of 2019. The Company’s Brick Products’ customers are primarily concentrated in the following industries: aerospace and defense electronics, industrial automation, industrial equipment, instrumentation and test equipment, and transportation ( notably in rail and heavy equipment applications ) . The Company’s Advanced Products’ customers are concentrated in the data center and hyperscaler segments of enterprise computing, in which the Company’s products are used for voltage distribution on server motherboards, in server racks, and across datacenter infrastructure, although we also target applications in aerospace and aviation, defense electronics, industrial automation, instrumentation, test equipment, solid state lighting, telecommunications and networking infrastructure, and vehicles (notably in the autonomous driving, electric vehicle, and hybrid vehicle niches of the vehicle segment). While, overall, the Company has a broad customer base and sells into a variety of industries, a substantial portion of the Company’s revenue from its Advanced Products line has been derived from a limited number of customers. This concentration of revenue is a reflection of the relatively early stage of adoption of the technologies, architectures and products offered in the Advanced Products line, and the Company’s strategy of targeting market leading innovators as initial customers for its Advanced Products. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable are limited due to the number of entities comprising the Company’s customer base . As of December 31 , 2019 and 2018 , one customer accounted for approximately 14.3 % of trade account receivables.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
