FIRM         : L (CIK 0000060086) | FY2015
FILE         : 0000060086_L_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Contract drilling revenue from dayrate drilling contracts is recognized as services are performed. In connection with such
drilling contracts, Diamond Offshore may receive fees (either lump-sum or dayrate) for the mobilization of equipment. These fees are earned as services are performed over the initial term of the related drilling contracts. Absent a contract,
mobilization costs are recognized currently. From time to time, Diamond Offshore may receive fees from its customers for capital improvements to their rigs. Diamond Offshore defers such fees received and recognizes these fees into revenue on a
straight-line basis over the period of the related drilling contract. Diamond Offshore capitalizes the costs of such capital improvements and depreciates them over the estimated useful life of the improvement.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The cost of fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale is adjusted
for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, which are included in Net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The amortization of premium and accretion of discount for fixed maturity securities takes into
consideration call and maturity dates that produce the lowest yield. This represents a change from prior reporting periods as previously the amortization of premiums was to maturity. This change in estimate, effected by a change in accounting
principle, will result in a better reflection of the yield on fixed maturity securities with call provisions. This change, which was adopted in the fourth quarter of 2015, decreased Net investment income and the amortized cost of fixed maturity
securities by $39 million in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015. This adjustment decreased basic and diluted net income per share by $0.06 for the
year ended December 31, 2015.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
