FIRM         : GIS (CIK 0000040704) | FY2022
FILE         : 0000040704_GIS_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : MAY 28, 2023
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment, furniture
DURÉE        : 3.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : A100 (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Land, Buildings, Equipment, and Depreciation Land is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment, including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs, are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives, primarily using the straight-line method. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 years, and equipment, furniture, and software are usually depreciated over 3 to 10 years. Fully depreciated assets are retained in buildings and equipment until disposal.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures Our investments in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are stated at cost plus our share of undistributed earnings or losses. We receive royalty income from certain joint ventures, incur various expenses (primarily research and development), and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition, we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials, semi-finished goods, and finished goods to the joint ventures, generally at market prices. In addition, we assess our investments in our joint ventures if we have reason to believe an impairment may have occurred including, but not limited to, as a result of ongoing operating losses, projected decreases in earnings, increases in the weighted-average cost of capital, or significant business disruptions. The significant assumptions used to estimate fair value include revenue growth and profitability, royalty rates, capital spending, depreciation and taxes, foreign currency exchange rates, and a discount rate. By their nature, these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment, then we would assess if the shortfall was of a temporary or permanent nature and write down the investment to its fair value if we concluded the impairment is other than temporary.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
