FIRM         : CLH (CIK 0000822818) | FY2013
FILE         : 0000822818_CLH_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2013
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : 12.0-15.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 3.0-12.0 ans | 5.0-8.0 ans | 12.0-15.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Asset Classification Estimated Useful Life Buildings and building improvements Buildings 30–40 years Leasehold and building improvements 2–40 years Camp equipment 12–15 years Vehicles 3–12 years Equipment Capitalized software and computer equipment 3–5 years Solar equipment 20 years Containers and railcars 15–20 years All other equipment 8–20 years Furniture and fixtures 5–8 years

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
, respectively. Management bases estimates for non-landfill closure and post-closure liabilities on its interpretation of existing permit and regulatory requirements for closure and post-closure maintenance and monitoring. The Company's cost estimates are calculated using internal sources as well as input from third party experts. Management uses probability scenarios to estimate when future operations will cease and inflates the current cost of closing the non-landfill facility on a probability weighted basis using the appropriate inflation rate and then discounting the future value to arrive at an estimated present value of closure and post-closure costs. The estimates for non-landfill closure and post-closure liabilities are inherently uncertain due to the possibility that permit and regulatory requirements will change in the future, impacting the estimation of total costs and the timing of the expenditures. Management reviews non-landfill closure and post-closure liabilities for changes to key assumptions that would impact the amount of the recorded liabilities. Changes that would prompt management to revise a liability estimate include changes in legal requirements that impact the Company's expected closure plan or scope of work, in the market price of a significant cost item, in the probability scenarios as to when future operations at a location might cease, or in the expected timing of the cost expenditures. Changes in estimates for non-landfill closure and post-closure events immediately impact the required liability and the value of the corresponding asset. If a change is made to a fully-consumed asset, the adjustment is charged immediately to expense. When a change in estimate relates to an asset that has not been fully consumed, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of amortization. Historically, material changes to non-landfill closure and post-closure estimates have been infrequent.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
