FIRM         : SCI (CIK 0000089089) | FY2015
FILE         : 0000089089_SCI_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 20. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense whereas renewals and major replacements that extend the assets useful lives are capitalized. Depreciation is recognized ratably over the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets. Buildings are depreciated over a period ranging from

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Cloud Computing Arrangements ||| accounting standard to provide guidance on whether a cloud computing arrangement contains a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then we should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, we should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance is effective for us on January 1, 2016 and adoption will have no impact on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position, and cash flows. ||| In April 2015, the FASB amended the Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software accounting standard to provide guidance on whether a cloud computing arrangement contains a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then we should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, we should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance is effective for us on January 1, 2016 and adoption will have no impact on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position, and cash flows.
