FIRM         : ZD (CIK 0001084048) | FY2017
FILE         : 0001084048_ZD_FY2017_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2017
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Fixtures, which are comprised primarily of leasehold improvements and equipment under capital leases, are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives or for leasehold improvements, the related lease term, if less.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
j2 Global, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (“j2 Global”, “the Company”, “our”, “us” or “we”), is a leading provider of internet services. Through our Cloud Services segment, we provide cloud services to consumers and businesses and license our intellectual property (“IP”) to third parties. In addition, the Cloud Services segment includes fax, voice, backup, security and email marketing products. Our Digital Media segment specializes in the technology, gaming, lifestyle and healthcare markets offering content, tools and services to consumers and businesses. ||| Our Cloud Services segment generates revenues primarily from customer subscription and usage fees and from IP licensing fees. Our Digital Media segment generates revenues from advertising and sponsorships, subscription and usage fees, performance marketing and licensing fees. ||| Our consolidated revenues are currently generated from three basic business models, each with different financial profiles and variability. Our Cloud Services segment is driven primarily by subscription revenues that are relatively higher margin, stable and predictable from quarter to quarter with some seasonal weakness in the fourth quarter. The Cloud Services segment also includes the results of our IP licensing business, which can vary dramatically in both revenues and profitability from period to period. Our Digital Media segment is driven primarily by advertising revenues, has relatively higher sales and marketing expense and has seasonal strength in the fourth quarter. We continue to pursue additional acquisitions, which may include companies operating under business models that differ from those we operate under today. Such acquisitions could impact our consolidated profit margins and the variability of our revenues.
