FIRM         : WDAY (CIK 0001327811) | FY2016
FILE         : 0001327811_WDAY_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : ppe_note
SECTION TITLE: Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
We have entered into non-cancelable agreements for certain of our offices and data centers with various expiration dates. Certain of our office leases are with an affiliate of our Chairman, Mr. Duffield, who is also a significant stockholder (see Note 17). Our operating lease agreements generally provide for rental payments on a graduated basis and for options to renew, which could increase future minimum lease payments if exercised. This includes payments for office and data center square footage, as well as data center power capacity for certain data centers. We generally recognize these expenses on a straight-line basis over the period in which we benefit from the lease and we have accrued for rent expense incurred but not paid. Total rent expense was

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In order to reduce the risk of down-time of our cloud applications, we have established data centers in various geographic regions. We have internal procedures to restore services in the event of disaster at one of our current data center facilities. We serve our customers and users from data center facilities operated by third parties, located in Ashburn, Virginia; Atlanta, Georgia; Portland, Oregon; Dublin, Ireland; and Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Even with these procedures for disaster recovery in place, our cloud applications could be significantly interrupted during the implementation of the procedures to restore services.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In addition, we rely on Amazon Web Services ("AWS"), which provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, to operate certain aspects of our services, such as environments for development testing, training and sales demonstrations. Any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations.
