FIRM         : AOSL (CIK 0001387467) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001387467_AOSL_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-06-30
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The global, regional economic and PC market conditions : Because our products primarily serve consumer electronic applications, any significant change in global and regional economic conditions could materially affect our revenue and results of operations. A significant amount of our revenue is derived from sales of products in the PC markets, such as notebooks, motherboards and notebook battery packs, therefore a substantial decline or downturn in the PC market could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. The PC markets have experienced a modest global decline in recent years due to continued growth of demand in tablets and smart phones, worldwide economic conditions and the industry inventory correction which had and may continue to have a material impact on the demand for our products. However, we recently have experienced a significant increase of demand in PC market due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting shift in market trend and consumer behaviors. We cannot predict whether and how long this trend will continue due to the uncertainty and unpredictability of COVID-19 pandemic. A decline of the PC market may have a negative impact on our revenue, factory utilization, gross margin, our ability to resell excess inventory, and other performance measures. We have executed and continue to execute strategies to diversify our product portfolio, penetrate other market segments, including the consumer, communications and industrial markets, and improve gross margins and profit by implementing cost control measures. While making efforts to reduce our reliance on the computing market, we continue to support our computing business and capitalize on the opportunities in this market with a more focused and competitive PC product strategy to gain market share. ||| : Because our products primarily serve consumer electronic applications, any significant change in global and regional economic conditions could materially affect our revenue and results of operations. A significant amount of our revenue is derived from sales of products in the PC markets, such as notebooks, motherboards and notebook battery packs, therefore a substantial decline or downturn in the PC market could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. The PC markets have experienced a modest global decline in recent years due to continued growth of demand in tablets and smart phones, worldwide economic conditions and the industry inventory correction which had and may continue to have a material impact on the demand for our products. However, we recently have experienced a significant increase of demand in PC market due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting shift in market trend and consumer behaviors. We cannot predict whether and how long this trend will continue due to the uncertainty and unpredictability of COVID-19 pandemic. A decline of the PC market may have a negative impact on our revenue, factory utilization, gross margin, our ability to resell excess inventory, and other performance measures. We have executed and continue to execute strategies to diversify our product portfolio, penetrate other market segments, including the consumer, communications and industrial markets, and improve gross margins and profit by implementing cost control measures. While making efforts to reduce our reliance on the computing market, we continue to support our computing business and capitalize on the opportunities in this market with a more focused and competitive PC product strategy to gain market share.
