FIRM         : KEYS (CIK 0001601046) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001601046_KEYS_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : October 31, 2018
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software is included in property, plant and equipment and is depreciated over

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Revenue from the Communications Solutions Group represented approximately 52 percent of total revenue in 2018 and contributed 10 percentage points to the total revenue growth. Revenue grew 17 percent when compared to 2017 with growth in Americas, Asia Pacific excluding Japan and Europe, partially offset by declines in Japan. The Communications Solutions Group's revenue growth was primarily driven by growth in our 5G-related solutions across the wireless ecosystem, with strong demand for network access applications and steady investments in the network and data center markets. In 2017, revenue from the Communications Solutions Group represented approximately 54 percent of total revenue, and its contribution to the total revenue growth was negligible. Revenue was flat when compared to 2016, with growth in Japan and Asia Pacific excluding Japan offset by declines in the Americas and Europe. The strength in 5G and data center technologies was offset by decline in the aerospace, defense and government market.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ASU 2018-15, Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance that requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement (i.e., hosting arrangement) that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset and aligns the recognition of implementation costs to those incurred in an arrangement that includes an internal-use software license. Further, new disclosures about implementation costs for both internal-use software and hosting arrangements are required. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. ||| ASU 2018-15, Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance that requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement (i.e., hosting arrangement) that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset and aligns the recognition of implementation costs to those incurred in an arrangement that includes an internal-use software license. Further, new disclosures about implementation costs for both internal-use software and hosting arrangements are required. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
