FIRM         : BOX (CIK 0001372612) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001372612_BOX_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : January 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0 ans | 4.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Such estimates include, but are not limited to, the determination of the allowance for accounts receivable, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of acquired intangible assets and property and equipment, estimate of standalone selling price allocation included in contracts with multiple performance obligations, the estimated expected benefit period for deferred commissions, the estimated useful life of capitalized internal-use software costs, observable price changes of non-marketable equity securities, fair values of stock-based awards, legal contingencies, the valuation of deferred income tax assets, and unrecognized tax benefits, among others.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
In accordance with our property and equipment policy, we review the estimated useful lives of our fixed assets on an ongoing basis.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017, our review of our fixed assets indicated that the actual lives of certain data center assets not acquired under capital leases were longer than previously estimated useful lives used for depreciation purposes in our financial statements. As a result, effective September 1, 2016, we changed the estimated useful lives of certain data center assets not acquired under capital leases to better reflect the estimated periods during which these assets will remain in service. The estimated useful lives of these assets, which we previously depreciated for three years, were increased to four years. The effect of this change in estimate to net loss and net loss per share was not material in fiscal year 2017.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We intend to continue scaling our organization to meet the increasingly complex needs of our customers. Our sales and customer success teams are organized to efficiently serve organizations ranging from small businesses to the world’s largest global organizations. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, in our sales and marketing teams to sell our services around the world, as well as in our development efforts to deliver additional features and capabilities of our cloud services to address our customers’ evolving needs. We also expect to continue to make investments in both our infrastructure to meet the needs of our growing global user base and our professional services organization (Box Consulting) to address the strategic needs of our customers in more complex deployments and to drive broader adoption across a wide array of use cases. As a result of our continuing investments to scale our business in each of these areas, we do not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future.
