FIRM         : BLMN (CIK 0001546417) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001546417_BLMN_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2025-12-30
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation - The Company’s consolidated financial statements include the accounts and ope
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, Fixtures and Equipment - Property, fixtures and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Cloud-Based Computing Arrangements - The Company defers costs incurred under the application development stage for cloud-based computing arrangements and amortizes those costs over the related service agreement. Capitalized cloud computing implementation costs were $4.6 million, net of accumulated amortization, as of December 29, 2024, primarily related to human resource management systems, and are included in Other current assets, net and Other assets, net on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Capitalized cloud computing implementation costs were immaterial as of December 31, 2023. Related amortization expense is included in General and administrative expenses in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income and was immaterial for all periods presented. ||| - The Company defers costs incurred under the application development stage for cloud-based computing arrangements and amortizes those costs over the related service agreement. Capitalized cloud computing implementation costs were $4.6 million, net of accumulated amortization, as of December 29, 2024, primarily related to human resource management systems, and are included in Other current assets, net and Other assets, net on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Capitalized cloud computing implementation costs were immaterial as of December 31, 2023. Related amortization expense is included in General and administrative expenses in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income and was immaterial for all periods presented.
