FIRM         : KHC (CIK 0001637459) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001637459_KHC_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : January 3, 2016
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, which do not exceed

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Employee severance and other termination benefit packages are primarily determined based on established benefit arrangements, local statutory requirements, or historical benefit practices. We recognize the contractual component of these benefits when payment is probable and estimable; additional elements of severance and termination benefits associated with non-recurring benefits are recognized ratably over each employee’s required future service period. Charges for accelerated depreciation are recognized on long-lived assets that will be taken out of service before the end of their normal service, in which case depreciation estimates are revised to reflect the use of the asset over its shortened useful life. Asset impairments establish a new fair value basis for assets held for disposal or sale, and those assets are written down to expected net realizable value if carrying value exceeds fair value. All other costs are recognized as incurred.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Implementation Costs Incurred in Hosted Cloud Computing Service Arrangements: ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15 related to accounting for implementation costs incurred in hosted cloud computing service arrangements. Under the new guidance, implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract should be expensed or capitalized based on the nature of the costs and the project stage during which such costs are incurred. If the implementation costs qualify for capitalization, they must be amortized over the term of the hosting arrangement and assessed for impairment. Companies must disclose the nature of any hosted cloud computing service arrangements. This ASU also provides guidance for balance sheet and income statement presentation of capitalized implementation costs and statement of cash flows presentation for the related payments. This ASU will be effective beginning in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2020. Early adoption is permitted, including in an interim period. This guidance may be adopted either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on our financial statements and related disclosures as well as the timing of adoption and the application method.
