FIRM         : PLMR (CIK 0001761312) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001761312_PLMR_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 7. Capitalized Assets
ASSET CAT.   : capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Amortization expense relating to capitalized software for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $2.6 million, $2.1 million, and $1.1 million, respectively.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
An additional important part of our ERM is business continuity, including in the circumstances of a catastrophe event. We have established a business continuity team made up of executive management with predefined roles and responsibilities in the event of an emergency response situation and a business continuity communication site where employees are directed to receive instructions that are tailored to various scenarios. We store all data offsite and ensure it is accessible remotely. Our communications, virtual file servers, underwriting and distribution systems, and claims portal are hosted in geographically diverse data centers domestically and globally. We maintain an additional office in Edina, Minnesota to use as a redundant location in the event of a disruptive event in San Diego, and purchase business continuity services to support the La Jolla office in the event of a disruptive event.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Costs associated with the implementation of certain internal systems are capitalized and carried at capitalized cost less accumulated amortization and are included as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Costs capitalized include internal personnel costs, external developer costs, and interest. The implementation costs relate to systems built on software which the Company purchases under a cloud computing arrangement and accounts for as a service contract. As such, capitalized costs are amortized over the term of the service contract, which currently ends in December 2028.
