FIRM         : KD (CIK 0001867072) | FY2021
FILE         : 0001867072_KD_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2021
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 7. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, Information technology equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Additionally, the decrease in net property and equipment in 2021 was attributable to depreciation outpacing capital expenditures and the final transfer of assets from our former Parent at Separation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
For all asset classes, the Company has elected the lessee practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components (e.g., maintenance services) and account for the combined unit as a single lease component. A significant portion of the Company’s lease portfolio is real estate leases, which are mainly accounted for as operating leases and are primarily used for corporate offices and data centers. The average term of the real estate leases is approximately five years. The Company also has equipment leases, such as for IT equipment and vehicles, which have lease terms that range from two to five years. For certain of these operating and finance leases, the Company applies a portfolio approach to account for the lease assets and lease liabilities.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We provide engineering talent, operating paradigms and insights derived from our data around IT patterns. This enables us to deliver advisory, implementation and managed services at scale across technology infrastructures that allow our customers to de-risk and realize the full value of their digital transformations. We do this while embracing new technologies and solutions and continually expanding our skills and capabilities, as we help advance the vital systems that power progress for our customers. We deliver transformation and secure cloud services capabilities, insights and depth of expertise to modernize and manage IT environments based on our customers’ unique patterns of transformation at scale. We offer services across domains such as cloud services, core enterprise and zCloud services, applications, data and artificial intelligence services, digital workplace services, security and resiliency services and network and edge services as we continue to support our customers through technological change. Our services enable us to modernize and manage cloud and on-premise environments as “one” for our customers, enabling them to scale seamlessly. To deliver these services, we rely on our global team of skilled practitioners, consisting of approximately 90,000 professionals. ||| The Company delivers transformation and secure cloud services capabilities, insights and depth of expertise to modernize and manage IT environments based on its customers’ unique patterns of transformation at scale. The Company offers services such as cloud managed services, data services, security and resiliency services, enterprise infrastructure services, digital workplace services, network services, managed Independent Software Vendor services and distributed cloud services to support its customers through technological change. Many of these services can be delivered entirely or partially through cloud or as-a-service delivery models. The Company’s services are provided on a time-and-material basis, as a fixed-price contract or as a fixed-price-per-measure-of-output contract, and the contract terms range from less than one year to over 10 years. The Company typically satisfies the performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time in services arrangements because the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Company performs the services.
