FIRM         : OGS (CIK 0001587732) | FY2021
FILE         : 0001587732_OGS_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2021
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : B100 (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, Plant and Equipment - Our properties are stated at cost, which includes direct construction costs such as direct labor, materials, burden and AFUDC. Generally, the cost of our property retired or sold, plus removal costs, less salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation. Gains and losses from sales or retirement of an entire operating unit or system of our properties are recognized in income. Maintenance and repairs are charged directly to expense.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, “Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force).” Under this guidance, a company should defer implementation costs that it incurs if a company would capitalize those same costs under the internal-use software guidance for an arrangement that is a software license. The deferred implementation costs should be amortized over the term of the hosting arrangement, including any probable renewals. We are party to hosting arrangements identified as service contracts for various information systems used in our operations. We adopted this new guidance using the prospective transition approach for implementation costs incurred in hosting arrangement service contracts beginning January 1, 2020. In certain jurisdictions, we have orders from our regulators allowing us to amortize deferred implementation costs for hosting arrangements entered into after January 1, 2020, over the life approved by our regulators for our internal-use software systems rather than the term of the hosting arrangement. The difference in amortization calculated between the term of the hosting arrangement and internal-use software life approved
