FIRM         : APPF (CIK 0001433195) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001433195_APPF_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : capitalized software, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-5.0 ans | 3.0 ans | 7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Assets and liabilities which are subject to judgment and use of estimates include the fair value of assets and liabilities assumed in business combinations, fair value of financial instruments, capitalized software costs, period of benefit associated with deferred costs, incremental borrowing rate used to measure operating lease liabilities, the recoverability of goodwill and long-lived assets, income taxes, useful lives associated with property and equipment and intangible assets, contingencies, and valuation and assumptions underlying stock-based compensation and other equity instruments.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Asset Type Depreciation Period Data center and computer equipment 3 years Furniture and fixtures 7 years Office equipment 2 to 5 years Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining life of lease or asset life  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ("ASU 2018-15"), a series of amendments which align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal use software license). The accounting for the service element of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract is not affected by these amendments. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. We adopted ASU 2018-15 on January 1, 2020, on a prospective basis for all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. ||| On January 7, 2019, we acquired 100% of the voting equity interest of Dynasty, a provider of advanced AI solutions for the real estate market. Dynasty offers advanced conversational AI solutions that automate leasing communications, replace manual tasks and help customers grow their portfolios. Dynasty’s technology is designed to enable operational efficiency in the leasing process including consistent prospect experience, lead conversion, and improved market insights. ||| of the voting equity interest of Dynasty, a provider of advanced AI solutions for the real estate market. Dynasty offers advanced conversational AI solutions that automate leasing communications, replace manual tasks and help customers grow their portfolios. Dynasty’s technology is designed to enable operational efficiency in the leasing process including consistent prospect experience, lead conversion, and improved market insights.
