FIRM         : NTNX (CIK 0001618732) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001618732_NTNX_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2020-08-26
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1. OVERVIEW AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Allocated costs consist of certain facilities, depreciation and amortization, recruiting and information technology costs allocated based on headcount.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Nutanix, Inc. ("we," "us," "our" or "Nutanix") provides a leading enterprise cloud platform, which we call the Nutanix Cloud Platform, that consists of software solutions and cloud services that power our customers’ hybrid cloud and multicloud strategies. We seek to provide an enterprise cloud platform that empowers our customers to unify various clouds - private, public, distributed - into one seamless cloud, allowing enterprises to choose the right cloud for each application. Our enterprise cloud platform allows enterprises to simplify the complexities of a multicloud environment with automation, cost governance and compliance. ||| Our enterprise cloud platform can be deployed on a variety of qualified hardware platforms or, in the case of our cloud-based software and software as a service ("SaaS") offerings, via hosted service or delivered pre-installed on an appliance that is configured to order. Non-portable software is delivered or sold alongside configured-to-order appliances with a license term equal to the life of the associated appliance. Our subscription term-based licenses are sold separately, or can be sold alongside configured-to-order appliances. Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our channel partners, original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") or directly from Nutanix. Our enterprise cloud platform is typically purchased with one or more years of support and entitlements, which includes the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. ||| Our solutions are primarily sold through channel partners, including distributors, resellers and OEMs, and delivered directly to our end customers. Our solutions serve a broad range of workloads, including enterprise applications, databases, virtual desktop infrastructure, unified communications and big data analytics, and we support both virtualized and container-based applications. We have end customers across a broad range of industries, such as automotive, consumer goods, education, energy, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, media, public sector, retail, technology and telecommunications. We also sell to service providers, who utilize our enterprise cloud platform to provide a variety of cloud-based services to their customers.
