FIRM         : COLM (CIK 0001050797) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001050797_COLM_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : software and equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-10.0 ans | 7.0 ans | 15.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The principal estimated useful lives are: land improvements, 15 years; buildings and building improvements, 15-30 years; furniture and fixtures, 3-10 years; and machinery, software and equipment, 3-10 years.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Long-lived assets, which include property, plant and equipment, lease right-of-use assets, capitalized implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements, and intangible assets with finite lives are measured for impairment only when events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may be impaired. We evaluate retail location long ‐ lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances exist that may indicate that the carrying amounts of retail location long ‐ lived assets are no longer recoverable. Events that result in an impairment review include plans to close a retail location or a significant decrease in the operating results of the retail location. When such an indicator occurs, we evaluate retail location long ‐ lived assets for impairment by comparing the undiscounted future cash flow expected to be generated by the location to the location long ‐ lived asset’s carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flow, an analysis is performed to estimate the fair value of the asset. An impairment is recorded if the fair value of the retail location long ‐ lived asset is less than the carrying amount. During 2020, as a result of lower consumer demand related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we tested certain retail location long-lived assets consisting of property, plant and equipment and lease right-of-use assets for impairment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, impairment charges from underperforming retail stores were $7.0 million for lease right-of-use assets and $4.5 million for property, plant and equipment. Further declines in projected future performance may adversely affect the recovery of retail locations assets.
