FIRM         : LULU (CIK 0001397187) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001397187_LULU_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
("ASC 350-40") to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. This guidance requires that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for public companies for years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2015, and early application is permitted. This guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of fiscal 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance may have on its consolidated financial statements. ||| In April 2015, the FASB amended ASC Subtopic 350-40, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software ("ASC 350-40") to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. This guidance requires that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for public companies for years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2015, and early application is permitted. This guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of fiscal 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance may have on its consolidated financial statements.
