FIRM         : RMAX (CIK 0001581091) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001581091_RMAX_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software
DURÉE        : 3.0-5.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software costs are generally amortized over a term of three to five years. Purchased software licenses are amortized over their estimated useful lives.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract, which clarifies that implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements are deferred if they would be capitalized by customers in the software licensing arrangements under the internal-use software guidance. ASU 2018-15 also clarifies that any capitalized costs should not be recorded to “Depreciation and amortization” in the Consolidated Statements of Income for costs after adoption. ASU 2018-15 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020 and provides for the alternative to adopt the ASU (a) prospectively only for new costs incurred after the adoption date or (b) by adjusting existing costs to comply with this standard, including the requirement to present the amortization of costs outside “Depreciation and amortization”. The Company plans to adopt this ASU prospectively to all new implementation costs incurred after adoption. Given this implementation approach, the adoption of the standard on January 1, 2020 will have no immediate impact. ||| Intangibles – Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract, ||| which clarifies that implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements are deferred if they would be capitalized by customers in the software licensing arrangements under the internal-use software guidance. ASU 2018-15 also clarifies that any capitalized costs should not be recorded to “Depreciation and amortization” in the Consolidated Statements of Income for costs after adoption. ASU 2018-15 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020 and provides for the alternative to adopt the ASU (a) prospectively only for new costs incurred after the adoption date or (b) by adjusting existing costs to comply with this standard, including the requirement to present the amortization of costs outside “Depreciation and amortization”. The Company plans to adopt this ASU prospectively to all new implementation costs incurred after adoption. Given this implementation approach, the adoption of the standard on January 1, 2020 will have no immediate impact.
