FIRM         : FDS (CIK 0001013237) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001013237_FDS_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2020-08-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, Furniture and fixtures
DURÉE        : 3.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0 ans | 7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Computers and related equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of three years. Repairs and maintenance expenditures, which are not considered leasehold improvements and do not extend the useful life of the property and equipment, are expensed as incurred.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Expenditures associated with the Company’s data centers, third -party data costs and corporate headquarters charges are recorded by the U.S. segment and are not allocated to the other segments. The content collection centers located in India, the Philippines, and Latvia, benefit all the Company’s operating segments and thus the expenses incurred at these locations are allocated to each segment based on a percentage of revenue.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Implementation Costs in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, FactSet adopted the accounting standard update issued by the FASB in August 2018, which related to a client’s accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. This guidance aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs in a cloud computing service contract with the guidance for capitalizing implementation costs to develop or obtain internal-use software. Capitalized implementation costs will be amortized over the term of the arrangement. This accounting standard update will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, however the Company elected to early adopt this standard on a prospective basis during the first quarter of fiscal 2019. There was no impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements as a result of the adoption of this standard, as FactSet is currently accounting for costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement in accordance with the guidance provided in this standard.
