FIRM         : EVR (CIK 0001360901) | FY2021
FILE         : 0001360901_EVR_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2023-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2 – Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation – The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accoun
ASSET CAT.   : Furniture, Equipment, computer hardware
DURÉE        : 3.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements – Fixed assets, including equipment, hardware and software and leasehold improvements, are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Furniture, equipment and computer hardware and software are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, primarily ranging from three to seven years. Once the software is ready for its intended use, the capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software or hosting arrangement.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
We estimate forfeitures in the aggregate compensation cost to be amortized over the requisite service period of the awards. We periodically monitor our estimated forfeiture rate and adjust our assumptions to the actual occurrence of forfeited awards. A change in estimated forfeitures is recognized through a cumulative adjustment in the period of the change.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements – Fixed assets, including equipment, hardware and software and leasehold improvements, are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Furniture, equipment and computer hardware and software are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, primarily ranging from three to seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the lease or the useful life of the asset. Certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements are also capitalized. Once the software is ready for its intended use, the capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software or hosting arrangement. Capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are presented in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition that a prepayment of the fees for the associated hosting arrangement is presented in (within Other Assets). The capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are amortized over the term of the arrangement and the expense is presented in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the fees associated with the hosting element of the arrangement (within Communications and Information Services). ||| – Fixed assets, including equipment, hardware and software and leasehold improvements, are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Furniture, equipment and computer hardware and software are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, primarily ranging from three to seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the lease or the useful life of the asset. Certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements are also capitalized. Once the software is ready for its intended use, the capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software or hosting arrangement. Capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are presented in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition that a prepayment of the fees for the associated hosting arrangement is presented in (within Other Assets). The capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are amortized over the term of the arrangement and the expense is presented in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the fees associated with the hosting element of the arrangement (within Communications and Information Services). ||| Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition includes capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements of $9,419 and $7,033 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense, included within Communications and Information Services on the Consolidated Statement of Operations, for capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements totaled $1,245 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
