FIRM         : TWLO (CIK 0001447669) | FY2016
FILE         : 0001447669_TWLO_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2016
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Cost of revenue also includes
fees to support the Company's cloud infrastructure, personnel costs, such as salaries and stock-based compensation for the customer care and support services employees, and non-personnel costs, such
as amortization of capitalized internal-use software development costs.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Cost of revenue consists primarily of costs of communications services purchased from network service providers. Cost of revenue also includes
fees to support the Company's cloud infrastructure, personnel costs, such as salaries and stock-based compensation for the customer care and support services employees, and non-personnel costs, such
as amortization of capitalized internal-use software development costs.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The Company derives its revenue primarily from usage-based fees earned from customers accessing the Company's enterprise cloud computing
services invoiced or paid monthly. The Company also earns subscription fees from certain term-based contracts. The Company provides services to its customers under pay-as-you-go contracts and
term-based contracts ranging in duration from one month to 48 months. Customers that pay via credit card are either billed in advance or as they use service. Larger customers are billed in
arrears via invoices for services used. Certain customers have contracts that provide for a minimum monthly commitment and some customers have contracts that provide for a commitment that may be of a
quarterly, annual or other specific durations.
