FIRM         : IR (CIK 0001699150) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001699150_IR_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-02-14
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : A100;B200 (2 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation related to manufacturing equipment and facilities is included in cost of sales. Cost of sales for services includes the direct costs the Company incurs including direct labor, parts and other overhead costs including depreciation of equipment and facilities to deliver repair, maintenance, and other field services to the Company’s customers.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2018-15, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40); Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract . The amendments in this update require implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements (i.e., hosting arrangements) to be capitalized under the same premises of authoritative guidance for internal-use software, and deferred over the noncancelable term of the cloud computing arrangement plus any option renewal periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised by the customer or for which the exercise is controlled by the service provider. The Company adopted this guidance prospectively on January 1, 2020. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. ||| Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40); Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| . The amendments in this update require implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements (i.e., hosting arrangements) to be capitalized under the same premises of authoritative guidance for internal-use software, and deferred over the noncancelable term of the cloud computing arrangement plus any option renewal periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised by the customer or for which the exercise is controlled by the service provider. The Company adopted this guidance prospectively on January 1, 2020. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
