FIRM         : JBTM (CIK 0001433660) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001433660_JBTM_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Expenditures that extend the useful lives of property, plant, and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over the estimated new remaining life of the asset.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Segment operating profit is defined as total segment revenue less segment operating expenses. The following items have been excluded in computing segment operating profit: corporate staff expense, stock-based compensation, LIFO provisions, restructuring costs, certain employee benefit expenses, interest income and expense and income taxes. ||| Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40) - Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| . The ASU applies to cloud computing arrangements including software as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and other similar hosting arrangements, and was issued to help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement. The ASU provides guidance about whether the arrangement includes a software license. The core principle of the ASU is that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change U.S. GAAP for a customer’s accounting for service contracts. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. The company anticipates the adoption in the effective period and we are currently evaluating the effect, if any, that the ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
