FIRM         : CVI (CIK 0001376139) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001376139_CVI_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2018
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Cost of materials and other (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) includes cost of crude oil, other feedstocks, blendstocks, purchased refined products, pet coke expenses, renewable identification numbers (“RINs”) expenses, derivative gain or losses and freight and distribution costs. Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) consist primarily of energy and other utility costs, direct costs of labor, including applicable share-based compensation expense, property taxes, plant-related maintenance services, including turnaround, and environmental and safety compliance costs as well as catalyst and chemical costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of labor and other direct expenses associated with the Company’s corporate activities, including accounting, finance, information technology, human resources, legal and other related administrative functions. For the Company’s Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment, each of these financial statement line items are also impacted by changes in inventory balances.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40). This ASU addresses customer’s accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract and also adds certain disclosure requirements related to implementation costs incurred for internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements. The amendment aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). This standard is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this standard can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. The Company is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect adoption will have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
