FIRM         : ACN (CIK 0001467373) | FY2013
FILE         : 0001467373_ACN_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
in local currency. Three of our five operating groups, including Health & Public Service, Communications, Media & Technology and Products, experienced quarterly year-over-year consulting revenue growth in local currency, while Resources and Financial Services experienced declines in quarterly year-over-year consulting revenue. We continued to enter into a higher proportion of contracts with longer duration that are converting to revenue at a slower pace, and clients slowed the pace and level of their spending. We expect these trends to continue in the near term. Clients continued to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and operational efficiency, as well as projects to integrate their global operations and grow and transform their businesses. We continue to experience growing demand for our services in emerging technologies, including analytics, cloud computing and mobility. Compared to fiscal 2012, we continued to provide a greater proportion of systems integration consulting through use of lower-cost resources in our Global Delivery Network, and we expect this trend to continue. The business environment is more competitive and, in some areas, we are experiencing pricing pressures. ||| In our consulting business, net revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 were $3.80 billion , compared with $3.74 billion for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 , an increase of 2% in U.S. dollars and 3% in local currency. Net consulting revenues for fiscal 2013 were $15.38 billion , compared with $15.56 billion for fiscal 2012 , a decrease of 1% in U.S. dollars and an increase of 1% in local currency. Three of our five operating groups, including Health & Public Service, Communications, Media & Technology and Products, experienced quarterly year-over-year consulting revenue growth in local currency, while Resources and Financial Services experienced declines in quarterly year-over-year consulting revenue. We continued to enter into a higher proportion of contracts with longer duration that are converting to revenue at a slower pace, and clients slowed the pace and level of their spending. We expect these trends to continue in the near term. Clients continued to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and operational efficiency, as well as projects to integrate their global operations and grow and transform their businesses. We continue to experience growing demand for our services in emerging technologies, including analytics, cloud computing and mobility. Compared to fiscal 2012, we continued to provide a greater proportion of systems integration consulting through use of lower-cost resources in our Global Delivery Network, and we expect this trend to continue. The business environment is more competitive and, in some areas, we are experiencing pricing pressures.
