FIRM         : AMZN (CIK 0001018724) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001018724_AMZN_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2023-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : ppe_note
SECTION TITLE: Note 4 — LEASES
ASSET CAT.   : server and networking, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : B100 (1 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 4.0 ans | 5.0 ans | 6.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
We have entered into non-cancellable operating and finance leases for fulfillment, delivery, office, data center, physical store, and sortation facilities as well as server and networking equipment, vehicles, and aircraft. Gross assets acquired under finance leases, inclusive of those where title transfers at the end of the lease, are recorded in “ Property and equipment, net ” and were $72.2 billion and $68.0 billion as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. Accumulated amortization associated with finance leases was $43.4 billion and $45.2 billion as of December 31, 2021 and 2022.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Estimates are used for, but not limited to, income taxes, useful lives of equipment, commitments and contingencies, valuation of acquired intangibles and goodwill, stock-based compensation forfeiture rates, vendor funding, inventory valuation, collectability of receivables, impairment of property and equipment and operating leases, valuation and impairment of investments, self-insurance liabilities, and viewing patterns of capitalized video content. We review the useful lives of equipment on an ongoing basis, and effective January 1, 2022 we changed our estimate of the useful lives for our servers from four years to five years and for our networking equipment from five years to six years. The longer useful lives are due to continuous improvements in our hardware, software, and data center designs. The effect of this change in estimate for the year ended December 31, 2022, based on servers and networking equipment that were included in “Property and equipment, net” as of December 31, 2021 and those acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022, was a reduction in depreciation and amortization expense of $3.6 billion and a benefit to net loss of $2.8 billion, or $0.28 per basic share and $0.28 per diluted share.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
We have entered into non-cancellable operating and finance leases for fulfillment, delivery, office, data center, physical store, and sortation facilities as well as server and networking equipment, vehicles, and aircraft. Gross assets acquired under finance leases, inclusive of those where title transfers at the end of the lease, are recorded in “ Property and equipment, net ” and were $72.2 billion and $68.0 billion as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. Accumulated amortization associated with finance leases was $43.4 billion and $45.2 billion as of December 31, 2021 and 2022.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment network. Variable costs generally change directly with sales volume, while fixed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. ||| Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment network. Variable costs generally change directly with sales volume, while fixed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. ||| We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users’ experience on the Internet and increase its ubiquity in people’s lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services, to developers and enterprises of all sizes. We are also investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices as well as other initiatives including the development of a satellite network for global broadband service and autonomous vehicles for ride-hailing services.
