FIRM         : KD (CIK 0001867072) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001867072_KD_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : March 31, 2025
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : information technology equipment, equipment
DURÉE        : 5.0-6.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : NVIDIA (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
In March 2024, the Company completed its assessment of the useful lives of its information technology equipment. Based on our usage experience and data analysis, the Company determined it should increase the estimated useful lives of its information technology equipment from five to six years. Based on the carrying amount of information technology equipment included in property and equipment, net as of March 31, 2024, the effect of this change in estimate was a reduction in depreciation expense and an improvement of income before income taxes of approximately $180 million, or $0.80 before income taxes per basic share and $0.77 before income taxes per diluted share, for the year ended March 31, 2025.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
In March 2024, the Company completed its assessment of the useful lives of its information technology equipment. Based on our usage experience and data analysis, the Company determined it should increase the estimated useful lives of its information technology equipment from five to six years. Based on the carrying amount of information technology equipment included in property and equipment, net as of March 31, 2024, the effect of this change in estimate was a reduction in depreciation expense and an improvement of income before income taxes of approximately $180 million, or $0.80 before income taxes per basic share and $0.77 before income taxes per diluted share, for the year ended March 31, 2025.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
For all asset classes, the Company has elected the lessee practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components (e.g., maintenance services) and account for the combined unit as a single lease component. A significant portion of the Company’s lease portfolio is real estate leases, which are mainly accounted for as operating leases and are primarily used for corporate offices and data centers. The average term of the real estate leases is approximately five years. The Company also has equipment leases, such as for IT equipment and vehicles, which have lease terms that range from two to five years. For certain of these operating and finance leases, the Company applies a portfolio approach to account for the lease assets and lease liabilities.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded total revenues of $15,057 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, of which a majority relates to services that are single performance obligations comprised of a series of distinct services. The Company offers services such as cloud managed services, application hosting and modernization, security and resiliency services, enterprise infrastructure services, digital workplace services, network services and distributed cloud services to support its customers through technological change. Revenue is recognized when, or as, control of a promised service transfers to a client, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which management expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring those services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, management estimates the amount to which it expects to be entitled using either the expected value or most likely amount method. ||| We provide engineering talent, operating solutions and insights derived from our knowledge and data around IT systems. This enables us to deliver advisory, implementation and managed services at scale across technology infrastructures that allow our customers to de-risk and realize the full value of their digital transformations. We do this while embracing new technologies and solutions and continually expanding our skills and capabilities, as we help advance the vital systems that power progress for our customers. We deliver technology services capabilities, insights and depth of expertise to modernize and manage IT environments based on our customers’ unique needs. We offer services across domains such as cloud services, core enterprise and zCloud services, applications, data and artificial intelligence services, digital workplace services, security and resiliency services and network and edge services as we continue to support our customers through technological change. Our services enable us to modernize and manage cloud and on-premises environments as “one” for our customers, enabling them to scale seamlessly. To deliver these services, we rely on our global team of skilled practitioners. ||| The Company delivers transformation and secure cloud services capabilities, insights and depth of expertise to modernize and manage IT environments based on its customers’ needs. The Company offers services such as cloud managed services, application hosting and modernization, security and resiliency services, enterprise infrastructure services, digital workplace services, network services and distributed cloud services to support its customers through technological change. Many of these services can be delivered entirely or partially through cloud or as-a-service delivery models. The Company’s services are provided on a time-and-material basis, as a fixed-price contract or as a fixed-price-per-measure-of-output contract, and the contract terms range from less than one year to over 10 years. The Company typically satisfies the performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time in services arrangements because the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Company performs the services.
