FIRM         : EG (CIK 0001095073) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001095073_EG_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2018
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Information Technology. Our information technology is a key component of our business operations and is supported by a team of knowledgeable professionals. The majority of our information technology platform is located at our service processing center in New Jersey but processing is performed at the office locations of our operating subsidiaries and branches. In addition, our main-frame processing is performed by a third party vendor at a separate location. We have implemented procedures that ensure that our key business systems are protected (or secured) and data is backed up and stored at off-site locations so that they can be restored promptly if necessary. We have documented business continuity plans and disaster recovery plans to provide uninterrupted technology services for major systems outages with alternative secure data centers available in case of broader outages.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Accounting for Cloud Computing Arrangement. In August 2018, The Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2018-15, which outlines accounting for implementation costs of a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. This guidance requires that implementation costs of a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract must be capitalized and expensed in accordance with the existing provisions provided in Subtopic 350-40 regarding development of internal use software. In addition, any capitalized implementation costs should be amortized over the term of the hosting arrangement. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within that annual reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2018-15 on its financial statements. ||| Accounting for Cloud Computing Arrangement.
