FIRM         : DBX (CIK 0001467623) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001467623_DBX_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2018
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1. Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : servers, equipment, information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
These costs, which are referred to as infrastructure costs, include depreciation of servers located in co-location facilities that the Company leases and operates, rent and facilities expense for those datacenters, network and bandwidth costs, support and maintenance costs for infrastructure equipment, and payments to third-party datacenter service providers. Other non-employee costs included in cost of revenue include credit card fees related to processing customer transactions and allocated overhead, such as facilities, including rent, utilities, depreciation on leasehold improvements and other equipment shared by all departments, and shared information technology costs.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
years. The Company accounted for this as a change in estimate that was applied prospectively, effective as of January 1, 2018. This change in useful life resulted in a reduction in depreciation expense within cost of revenue of

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of right of use assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current GAAP. Under the standard, disclosures are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The Company is required to adopt the standard using the modified retrospective approach and has elected to use the optional transition method related to comparative reporting at adoption. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company will recognize a material operating lease liability and related right-of-use asset on the consolidated balance sheet on January 1, 2019. The lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset primarily relate to its office space and data center operating leases. The prospective impact on the consolidated statement of operations under the new standard is substantially similar compared to the current lease accounting model. The Company's accounting for capital leases related to infrastructure equipment, now referred to as financing leases under the new standard, is substantially unchanged under the new standard.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. ||| Under existing U.S. GAAP, there is diversity in practice in accounting for the costs of implementing cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts. The amendments in ASU No. 2018-15 amend the definition of a hosting arrangement and requires a customer in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract to capitalize certain costs as if the arrangement were an internal-use software project. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact and timing of adopting ASU No. 2018-15. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. Under existing U.S. GAAP, there is diversity in practice in accounting for the costs of implementing cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts. The amendments in ASU No. 2018-15 amend the definition of a hosting arrangement and requires a customer in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract to capitalize certain costs as if the arrangement were an internal-use software project. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact and timing of adopting ASU No. 2018-15.
