FIRM         : CEVA (CIK 0001173489) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001173489_CEVA_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2024
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1: ORGANIZATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : NVIDIA (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). The Tax Act includes significant changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system including but not limited to: a federal corporate rate reduction from 35% to 21%; creation of the base erosion anti-abuse tax (“BEAT”), introduction of the Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (“GILTI”) provisions; the transition of U.S. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a modified territorial tax system; modifications to the allowance of net business interest expense deductions; modification of net operating loss provisions; changes to 162(m) limitation rules and bonus depreciation provisions. The change to a modified territorial tax system resulted in a one-time U.S. tax liability on those earnings which have not previously been repatriated to the U.S. (the “Transition Tax”), with future dividend distributions not subject to U.S. federal income tax when repatriated. A majority of the provisions in the Tax Act became effective January 1, 2018.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Our PentaG RAN platform for 5G RAN, including the recently announced Ceva-XC22 multi-thread DSP, ensures we offer one of the most comprehensive baseband processor IP platforms in the industry today. Our 5G IP provides newcomers and incumbents with a customizable solution to address the need for 5G, 5G Advanced and other communications in data centers and infrastructure.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Our SensPro2 sensor hub AI DSP family is designed to address the growing demand for efficient, high-performance signal processing in sensor-based applications across various industries and applications such as smartphones, automotive safety (ADAS), autonomous driving (AD), drones, robotics, security and surveillance, augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR), natural language processing (NLP) and voice recognition. Research from Bloomberg Intelligence forecasts that hardware revenue associated with computer vision AI products and conversational AI devices will reach $58 billion and $110 billion, respectively by 2032, indicating the size of the market opportunity. This sensor hub AI DSP enables us to address the transformation in devices enabled by these applications, and expand our footprint and content in smartphones, drones, consumer cameras, surveillance, automotive ADAS, voice-enabled devices and industrial IoT applications. ||| Our strategy has returned us to year-over-year revenue growth 2024, with overall revenue growing 10% over 2023, versus the 4% to 8% we expected at the beginning of the year. We believe that our growth will continue in 2025, with overall revenue expected to grow 7%-11% for 2025. In 2025, we expect our licensing and related revenues business will continue to expand into new markets and use cases for industrial IoT (IIoT) and consumer IoT devices, offering connectivity platforms, sensing platforms and software, AI solutions (including AI engines, NPUs and software) and more. On royalties, we expect our connectivity products to continue to show strength in 2025, particularly related to our Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and cellular IoT business lines which enjoyed record shipments in 2024 and with the initial ramp of an in-house 5G modem powered by our cellular DSP from a leading U.S. mobile OEM expected to launch its first smartphone based on the modem in the first quarter.
