FIRM         : KEYS (CIK 0001601046) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001601046_KEYS_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : October 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
percent of total Communications Solutions Group revenue in 2018 and increased 17 percent compared to 2017, growing across all geographies. In 2018 the revenue growth was primarily driven by growth in our 5G-related solutions across the wireless ecosystem, with strong demand for network access applications and steady investments in the network and data center markets.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ASU 2018-15, Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance that requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement (i.e., hosting arrangement) that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset and aligns the recognition of implementation costs to those incurred in an arrangement that includes an internal-use software license. Further, new disclosures about implementation costs for both internal-use software and hosting arrangements are required. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. ||| ASU 2018-15, Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance that requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement (i.e., hosting arrangement) that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset and aligns the recognition of implementation costs to those incurred in an arrangement that includes an internal-use software license. Further, new disclosures about implementation costs for both internal-use software and hosting arrangements are required. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
