FIRM         : NEO (CIK 0001077183) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001077183_NEO_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : software, and are amortized over the expected useful life of the software, generally
DURÉE        : 1.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Costs incurred in connection with the development of internal-use software are capitalized in accordance with the accounting standard for internal-use software, and are amortized over the expected useful life of the software, generally 1-10 years.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The Company prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP. These principles require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, together with amounts disclosed in the related notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates, judgments and assumptions. Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in these Consolidated Financial Statements include, but are not limited to those related to revenues, accounts receivable and related allowances, contingencies, useful lives and recovery of long-term assets and intangible assets, income taxes and valuation allowances, stock-based compensation and impairment analysis of goodwill. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of material revisions in estimates are reflected on the Consolidated Financial Statements prospectively from the date of the change in estimate.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , which changes the accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. The update aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The implementation costs should be presented accordingly as other assets, current and non-current on the balance sheet and expensed over the term of the hosting arrangement. The Company adopted this pronouncement on January 1, 2020 and the impact was not material to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. ||| Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| , which changes the accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. The update aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The implementation costs should be presented accordingly as other assets, current and non-current on the balance sheet and expensed over the term of the hosting arrangement. The Company adopted this pronouncement on January 1, 2020 and the impact was not material to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.
