FIRM         : DOCN (CIK 0001582961) | FY2023
FILE         : 0001582961_DOCN_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-02-12
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment Category Useful Life Computers and equipment
DURÉE        : 5.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0-5.0 ans | 3.0 ans | 5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation on property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets and is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment are as follows: Property and Equipment Category Useful Life Computers and equipment 5 years Furniture and fixtures 5 years Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or remaining useful life Internal-use software 3 years Equipment under finance leases Lesser of lease term or remaining useful life

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
The Company leases co-location space at data center facilities and, to a lesser extent, corporate offices, all of which are operating leases. The finance leases are for data center equipment. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities. Finance lease ROU assets, net of amortization are included in Property and equipment, net, and finance lease liabilities are included in Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
DigitalOcean is a leading cloud computing platform offering on-demand infrastructure and platform tools for startups and growing digital businesses. We were founded with the guiding principle that the transformative benefits of the cloud should be easy to leverage, broadly accessible, reliable and affordable. Our platform simplifies cloud computing, enabling our customers to rapidly accelerate innovation and increase their productivity and agility. ||| We offer mission-critical solutions across Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), including our Droplet virtual machines, storage and networking offerings; Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), including our Managed Database and Managed Kubernetes offerings; Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), including our Managed Hosting and Marketplace offerings; and AI/ML, including our Machines, Notebooks and Deployments offerings. Our cloud platform was designed with simplicity in mind to ensure that startups and growing digital businesses can spend less time managing their infrastructure and more time building innovative applications that drive business growth. Improving the developer experience and increasing productivity are core to our mission. In just minutes, developers can set up thousands of virtual machines, secure their projects, enable performance monitoring and scale up and down as needed. ||| We generate revenue from the usage of our cloud computing platform by our customers. We recognize revenue based on the customer utilization of our offerings. Our pricing is primarily consumption-based and billed monthly in arrears, making it easy for our customers to track usage on an ongoing basis and optimize their deployments.
