FIRM         : HPE (CIK 0001645590) | FY2023
FILE         : 0001645590_HPE_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2023-11-28
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 20: Equity Method Investments
ASSET CAT.   : buildings and improvements
DURÉE        : 3.0-15.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 3.0-15.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company states property, plant and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. Estimated useful lives are five to 40 years for buildings and improvements and three to 15 years for machinery and equipment.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
At October 31, 2023, the Company’s goodwill was $18 billion, of which $7.7 billion related to the Compute reporting unit and $2.9 billion related to the High Performance Computing and Artificial Intelligence (“HPC & AI”) reporting unit. As discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level and more frequently when warranted based on indicators of impairment. Auditing management’s goodwill impairment test for the Compute and HPC & AI reporting units was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimates of the Compute and HPC & AI reporting units were sensitive to significant assumptions, such as changes in the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rate, operating margin and terminal value, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Observing these dynamics, we have accelerated our investment and innovation efforts in these areas that we see as critical to our long-term strategy and growth, including in pivoting our go-to-market motion and sales function. At the same time, we continue to strengthen our core Compute and Storage-oriented offerings and expand our offerings on the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform, to enable execution of our aaS pivot to become the edge-to-cloud company for our customers and partners. Furthermore, as noted elsewhere in this report, effective November 1, 2023, we have realigned our financial reporting segments to align with these key market trends. It is uncertain whether we will successfully execute this shift in strategic focus, realize the anticipated benefits of doing so, or capture the anticipated shares of the AI, hybrid cloud, and edge markets. ||| Our pivot to aaS continues its strong momentum with the addition of HPE GreenLake Cloud Services. Our mix of ARR is becoming more software-rich as we build our HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform, which is improving our margin profile. On the innovation front, we announced a transformative new data storage services platform that brings our cloud operations model to wherever data lives by unifying data operations. The platform will be available through HPE GreenLake Central and includes a new data services cloud console and a suite of software subscription services that simplifies and automates global infrastructure at scale. We will continue to invest aggressively in HPE GreenLake Cloud Services to provide a true cloud experience and operating model, whether at the edge, on-premises or across multiple clouds. ||| ARR represents the annualized revenue of all net HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform services revenue, related financial services revenue (which includes rental income from operating leases and interest income from finance leases), and software-as-a-service, software consumption revenue, and other aaS offerings, recognized during a quarter and multiplied by four. We believe that ARR is a metric that allows management to better understand and highlight the potential future performance of our aaS business. We also believe ARR provides investors with greater transparency to our financial information and of the performance metric used in our financial and operational decision making and allows investors to see our results “through the eyes of management.” We use ARR as a performance metric. ARR should be viewed independently of net revenue and is not intended to be combined with it.
