FIRM         : BKNG (CIK 0001075531) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001075531_BKNG_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Information technology expenses consist primarily of: (1) software license and system maintenance fees; (2) data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services; (3) outsourced data center costs; and (4) payments to outside consultants. Information technology expense increased during the year ended  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In April 2015, the FASB issued a new accounting update which requires an entity that enters into a cloud computing arrangement to determine if the arrangement contains a software license. The accounting update cites software as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service and other similar hosting arrangements as examples of cloud computing arrangements. A software license arrangement exists if both of the following criteria are met: (1) the customer has a contractual right to take possession of the underlying software without significant penalty and (2) it is feasible for the customer to run the software on their own hardware or to contract with another party unrelated to the vendor to run the software. If the arrangement meets both of these criteria, the customer would need to identify what portion of the cost relates to purchasing the software and what portion relates to paying for the service of hosting the software. The purchased software would be accounted for using the internal-use software guidance and the service costs would be accounted for as an operating expense. If the arrangement does not meet both of the criteria, the cost is an operating expense for a service contract. The guidance in this update does not change the accounting for a service contract. The update is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed for all
