FIRM         : CRI (CIK 0001060822) | FY2016
FILE         : 0001060822_CRI_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : DECEMBER 31, 2016
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software is depreciated or amortized on the straight-line method over its estimated useful lives, from

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The Company prospectively adopted the provisions of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-05, Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, at the beginning of fiscal 2016 for fees paid in connection with cloud-based software arrangements. ASU 2015-05 provides clarification on whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a software license is included, the customer should account for the license consistent with its accounting for other software licenses. If a software license is not included, the arrangement should be accounted for as a service contract. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, ||| at the beginning of fiscal 2016 for fees paid in connection with cloud-based software arrangements. ASU 2015-05 provides clarification on whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a software license is included, the customer should account for the license consistent with its accounting for other software licenses. If a software license is not included, the arrangement should be accounted for as a service contract. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. ||| The Company prospectively adopted the provisions of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-05, Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, at the beginning of fiscal 2016 for fees paid in connection with cloud-based software arrangements. ASU 2015-05 provides clarification on whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a software license is included, the customer should account for the license consistent with its accounting for other software licenses. If a software license is not included, the arrangement should be accounted for as a service contract. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
