FIRM         : NWN (CIK 0001733998) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001733998_NWN_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 16
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The provision for depreciation of NGD property, plant, and equipment is recorded under the group method on a straight-line basis with rates computed in accordance with depreciation studies approved by regulatory authorities.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
On August 29, 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, "Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract." The purpose of the amendment is to align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The amendments in this update are effective beginning January 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The amended guidance can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We are currently assessing the effect of this standard on NW Holdings' and NW Natural's financial statements and disclosures. ||| CLOUD COMPUTING. On August 29, 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, "Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract." The purpose of the amendment is to align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The amendments in this update are effective beginning January 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The amended guidance can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We are currently assessing the effect of this standard on NW Holdings' and NW Natural's financial statements and disclosures.
