FIRM         : EQIX (CIK 0001101239) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001101239_EQIX_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world’s most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix’s leading insight and data centers in 33 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today’s information-driven economy. Equinix offers the following solutions: (i) premium data center colocation, (ii) interconnection and (iii) exchange and outsourced IT infrastructure services. As of December 31, 2015, we operated or had partner International Business Exchange (“IBX”) data centers in the Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, Seattle, Silicon Valley, Toronto and Washington, D.C. metro areas in the Americas region; France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) region; and Australia, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan and Singapore in the Asia-Pacific region.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Historically, our market has been served by large telecommunications carriers who have bundled telecommunications products and services with their colocation offerings. The data center market landscape has evolved to include cloud computing/utility providers, application hosting providers and systems integrators, managed infrastructure hosting providers and colocation providers. More than 350 companies provide data center solutions in the U.S. alone. Each of these data center solutions providers can bundle various colocation, interconnection and network offerings, and outsourced IT infrastructure services. We are able to offer our customers a global platform that reaches 21 countries with proven operational reliability, improved application performance and network choice, and a highly scalable set of offerings. ||| We have initially designated all the legal entities acquired in the Bit-isle acquisition as taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRSs”), which we believe will not impact our qualification for taxation as a REIT. We plan to integrate the data center business of Bit-isle into our REIT structure by the end of 2016.
