FIRM         : EXC (CIK 0001109357) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001109357_EXC_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Significant Accounting Policies (All Registrants)
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized Software, equipment
DURÉE        : 5.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Certain other capitalized software costs are being amortized over longer lives based on the expected life or pursuant to prescribed regulatory requirements.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
As a result of these early nuclear plant retirement decisions, Exelon and Generation recognized one-time charges in Operating and maintenance expense related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee-related costs and CWIP impairments, among other items. In addition to these one-time charges, annual incremental non-cash charges to earnings stemming from shortening the expected economic useful lives primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets (including any ARC), accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel, and additional ARO accretion expense associated with the changes in decommissioning timing and cost assumptions were also recorded. See Note

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Cloud Computing Arrangements (Issued August 2018). ||| Aligns the requirements for capitalizing costs incurred to implement a cloud computing arrangement with the internal-use software guidance. As a result, certain implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that are currently expensed as incurred will be deferred and amortized over the non-cancellable term of the arrangement plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. The standard is effective January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted, and can be applied using either a prospective or retrospective transition approach. A retrospective approach requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Registrants early adopted this standard using a prospective approach as of January 1, 2019. The new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Registrants’ financial statements. ||| Cloud Computing Arrangements (Issued August 2018). Aligns the requirements for capitalizing costs incurred to implement a cloud computing arrangement with the internal-use software guidance. As a result, certain implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that are currently expensed as incurred will be deferred and amortized over the non-cancellable term of the arrangement plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. The standard is effective January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted, and can be applied using either a prospective or retrospective transition approach. A retrospective approach requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Registrants early adopted this standard using a prospective approach as of January 1, 2019. The new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Registrants’ financial statements.
