FIRM         : ADNT (CIK 0001670541) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001670541_ADNT_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2019-10-01
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Costs for molds, dies and other tools used to make products that will be sold under long-term supply arrangements are capitalized within property, plant and equipment if Adient has title to the assets or has the non-cancelable right to use the assets during the term of the supply arrangement. Capitalized items, if specifically designed for a supply arrangement, are amortized over the term of the arrangement; otherwise, amounts are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The carrying values of assets capitalized in accordance with the foregoing policy are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. At September 30, 2019 and 2018, approximately $60 million and $54 million, respectively, of costs for molds, dies and other tools were capitalized within property, plant and equipment which represented assets to which Adient had title. In addition, at September 30, 2019, Adient recorded within the consolidated statements of financial position in other current and noncurrent assets $101 million and $28 million, respectively, of costs for molds, dies and other tools for which customer reimbursement is contractually assured. At September 30, 2018, Adient recorded within the consolidated statements of financial position in other current and noncurrent assets $208 million and $17 million, respectively, of costs for molds, dies and other tools for which customer reimbursement is contractually assured.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ASU 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal Use Software: Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract ||| The amendments in ASU 2018-15 require implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements to be deferred and recognized over the term of the arrangement, if those costs would be capitalized by the customer in a software licensing arrangement under the internal-use software guidance. The amendments also require an entity to disclose the nature of its hosting arrangements and adhere to certain presentation requirements in its balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows.
