FIRM         : HOMB (CIK 0001331520) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001331520_HOMB_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2019-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Bank premises and equipment are carried at cost or fair market value at the date of acquisition less accumulated depreciation.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company had approximately $2.9 million in unrealized losses, which were in continuous loss positions for more than twelve months. Excluding impairment write downs taken in prior periods, the Company’s assessments indicated that the cause of the market depreciation was primarily the change in interest rates and not the issuer’s financial condition, or downgrades by rating agencies. In addition, approximately 76.6% of the Company’s investment portfolio matures in five years or less. As a result, the Company has the ability and intent to hold such securities until maturity.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract, that amends the definition of a hosting arrangement and requires a customer in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract to capitalize certain implementation costs as if the arrangement was an internal-use software project. The internal-use software guidance states that only qualifying costs incurred during the application development stage can be capitalized. The effective date is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. Entities have the option to apply the guidance prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption or retrospectively in accordance with the applicable guidance. At the time of adoption, entities will be required to disclose the nature of its hosting arrangements that are service contracts and provide disclosures as if the deferred implementation costs were a separate, major depreciable asset class. The Company is beginning to evaluate its cloud computing arrangements and has not yet determined how it will apply or the impact of this new standard. ||| Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract,
