FIRM         : AMZN (CIK 0001018724) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001018724_AMZN_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-02-02
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : ppe_note
SECTION TITLE: Note 3 — PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0 ans | 4.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was $12.1 billion, $15.1 billion, and $16.2 billion which includes amortization of property and equipment acquired under finance leases of $7.3 billion, $10.1 billion, and $8.5 billion for 2018, 2019, and 2020.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
We review the useful lives of equipment on an ongoing basis, and effective January 1, 2020 we changed our estimate of the useful life for our servers from three years to four years. The longer useful life is due to continuous improvements in our hardware, software, and data center designs. The effect of this change in estimate for the year ended December 31, 2020, based on servers that were included in “Property and equipment, net” as of December 31, 2019 and those acquired during the year ended December 31, 2020, was a reduction in depreciation and amortization expense of $2.7 billion and an increase in net income of $2.0 billion, or $4.06 per basic share and $3.98 per diluted share.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
We have entered into non-cancellable operating and finance leases and financing obligations for equipment and office, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, data center, physical store, and renewable energy facilities.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment networks and related facilities. Variable costs generally change directly with sales volume, while fixed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. ||| Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment networks and related facilities. Variable costs generally change directly with sales volume, while fixed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. ||| We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users’ experience on the Internet and increase its ubiquity in people’s lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services, to developers and enterprises of all sizes. We are also investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices.
