FIRM         : GWRE (CIK 0001528396) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001528396_GWRE_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : July 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Significant items subject to such estimates include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, stock-based compensation, annual bonus attainment, income tax uncertainties, fair value of convertible senior notes and investments, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, software development costs to be capitalized, and contingencies.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Our sales cycles for new and existing customers remain protracted as customers are deliberate and the decision-making and product evaluation process is long. These evaluation periods can extend further if the customer purchases multiple products or assesses the benefits of a cloud-based subscription in addition to our more traditional on-premises licensing models. Sales to new customers also involve extensive customer due diligence and reference checks. We must earn credibility with each successful implementation as we expand our sales operations, market products that have been acquired or newly introduced, and expand the ways we deliver our software. The success of our sales efforts relies on continued improvements and enhancements to our current products, the introduction of new products, efficient operation of our cloud infrastructure, and the continued development of relevant local content and the automated tools that we believe are optimal for updating that content.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Intangibles, Goodwill and Other (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles, Goodwill and Other (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract (“ASU 2018-15”), which requires implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements to be deferred and recognized over the term of the arrangement, if those costs would be capitalized by the customer in a software licensing arrangement under the internal-use software guidance in ASC 350-40. ASU 2018-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company will evaluate the impact of adopting the new standard for its 2021 fiscal year and subsequent periods.
