FIRM         : NGVT (CIK 0001653477) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001653477_NGVT_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 3: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : Blackwell;TPU (2 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software is amortized using the straight-line over the estimated useful lives ranging from

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Environmental expenditures that increase useful lives of assets are capitalized, while other environmental expenditures are expensed. Liabilities are recorded when remedial efforts are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. We recognize a liability for other legal contingencies when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. Liabilities recorded for claims are limited to pending cases based on Ingevity’s historical experience, consultation with outside counsel and consultation with an actuarial specialist concerning the feasibility of reasonably estimating liabilities associated with claims that may arise in the future. We recognized insurance recoveries when collection is reasonably assured. Third-party fees for legal services are expensed as incurred.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15 "Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40) Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract." This ASU requires companies to defer specific implementation costs incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ("CCA") that are often expensed as incurred under current GAAP, and recognize the expense over the noncancellable term of the CCA. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Although we are still evaluating the impact of this new standard, we do not believe that the adoption will materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.
