FIRM         : CHH (CIK 0001046311) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001046311_CHH_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2020-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, computer software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-7.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated for financial reporting purposes using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Costs for computer software developed for internal use are capitalized during the application development stage and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software. Software licenses pertaining to cloud computing arrangements that are capitalized are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the cloud computing arrangement term or their useful lives.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated for financial reporting purposes using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or their useful lives. Major renovations and replacements incurred during construction are capitalized. Costs for computer software developed for internal use are capitalized during the application development stage and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software. Software licenses pertaining to cloud computing arrangements that are capitalized are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the cloud computing arrangement term or their useful lives. The Company capitalizes interest incurred during construction of property and equipment. Interest capitalized as a cost of property and equipment totaled $0.1 million and $0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40) : Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ("ASU 2018-15"). ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). The Company adopted ASU 2018-15 on a prospective basis on January 1, 2020. As the majority of the Company's hosting arrangements are service contracts, the capitalization and subsequent amortization of implementation costs incurred after adoption are expected to impact the timing, but not classification, of expense recognition. ||| Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract
