FIRM         : NOW (CIK 0001373715) | FY2016
FILE         : 0001373715_NOW_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2016-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Consists of future non-cancelable minimum rental payments under operating leases for some of our offices and data centers, net of future non-cancelable sublease income.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ServiceNow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage and automate services for global enterprises. Our mission is to help our customers improve service levels and reduce costs while scaling and automating their businesses. We offer our services on an annual subscription fee basis which includes access to the ordered subscription service and related support including updates to the subscribed service during the subscription term. We provide a scaled pricing model based on the duration of the subscription term and we frequently extend discounts to our customers based on the number of users. We generate sales through our direct sales team and, to a lesser extent, indirectly through channel partners and third-party referrals. We also generate revenues from professional services for implementation and configuration services and for training of customer and partner personnel. We generally bill our customers annually in advance for subscription services and monthly in arrears for our professional services as the work is performed. ||| In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, "Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement." ASU 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes software. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. We adopted this standard during the three months ended March 31, 2016 on a prospective basis and the adoption had no material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
