FIRM         : PAHC (CIK 0001069899) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001069899_PAHC_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : June 30, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software, equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized on a straight-line basis over 3 to 7 years.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
We periodically review our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets for impairment and assess whether significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Such circumstances may include a significant decrease in the market price of an asset, a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is being used or in its physical condition or a history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of an asset. An impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the anticipated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated by the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value. In addition, we periodically reassess the estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived assets. Changes to estimated useful lives would affect the amount of depreciation and amortization recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. We have not experienced significant changes in the carrying value or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets in the periods included in the consolidated financial statements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ASU 2015-05, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40). The amendments in this Update provide guidance to companies regarding the treatment of cloud computing arrangements and if an arrangement includes a software license. ASU 2015-05 requires that if there is an element of a license in the arrangement that a company account for that software license element consistent with the treatment of a direct acquisition of a software license. Otherwise the arrangement is to be accounted for as a service contract. This guidance does not change the existing guidance relevant to service contracts. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both prospective and retrospective transition methods. We do not expect adoption of this guidance will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
