FIRM         : GSHD (CIK 0001726978) | FY2021
FILE         : 0001726978_GSHD_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Basis of presentation and significant accounting policies
ASSET CAT.   : computer equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0 ans | 5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of five years for furniture, fixtures and equipment and three years for computer equipment.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The Company has two reportable segments: Corporate Channel and Franchise Channel. The Corporate Channel consists of company-owned and financed operations with employees who are hired, trained, and managed by Goosehead. The Franchise Channel network consists of franchisee operations that are owned and managed by individual business owners. These business owners have a contractual relationship with Goosehead to use the Company's processes, systems, and back-office support team to sell insurance and manage their business. In exchange, Goosehead is entitled to an initial franchise fee and ongoing royalty fees. Allocations of contingent commissions and certain operating expenses are based on reasonable assumptions and estimates primarily using revenue, headcount and other information. The Company’s chief operating decision maker uses net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude equity-based compensation and other non-operating items, including, among other things, certain non-cash charges and certain non-recurring or non-operating gains or losses (“Adjusted EBITDA”) as a performance measure to manage resources and make decisions about the business. Summarized financial information concerning the Company’s reportable segments is shown in the following tables (in thousands). There are no intersegment sales, only interest income and interest expense related to an intersegment line of credit, all of which eliminate in consolidation. The “Other” column includes any income and expenses not allocated to reportable segments and corporate-related items, including equity-based compensation, certain legal expenses and interest related to the note payable.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
