FIRM         : CDW (CIK 0001402057) | FY2013
FILE         : 0001402057_CDW_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2013
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 5.0-10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company has centralized logistics and headquarters functions that provide services to the segments. The logistics function includes purchasing, distribution and fulfillment services to support both the Corporate and Public segments. As a result, costs and intercompany charges associated with the logistics function are fully allocated to both of these segments based on a percent of sales. The centralized headquarters function provides services in areas such as accounting, information technology, marketing, legal and coworker services. Headquarters' function costs that are not allocated to the segments are included under the heading of “Headquarters” in the tables below. Depreciation expense is included in Headquarters as it is not allocated among segments or used in measuring segment performance.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
CDW is a Fortune 500 company and a leading provider of integrated information technology (“IT”) solutions to small, medium and large business, government, education and healthcare customers in the U.S. and Canada. The Company's offerings range from discrete hardware and software products to integrated IT solutions such as mobility, security, data center optimization, cloud computing, virtualization and collaboration.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
CDW is a Fortune 500 company and a leading provider of integrated information technology (“IT”) solutions in the U.S. and Canada. We help our customer base of approximately 250,000 small, medium and large business, government, education and healthcare customers by delivering critical solutions to their increasingly complex IT needs. Our broad array of offerings ranges from discrete hardware and software products to integrated IT solutions such as mobility, security, data center optimization, cloud computing, virtualization and collaboration. We are technology "agnostic," with a product portfolio that includes more than 100,000 products from more than 1,000 brands. We provide our products and solutions through sales force and service delivery teams consisting of more than 4,400 coworkers, including nearly 1,800 field sellers, highly-skilled technology specialists and advanced service delivery engineers. ||| Revenue from professional services is either recognized as provided for services billed at an hourly rate or recognized using a proportional performance model for services provided at a fixed fee. Revenue from cloud computing solutions including Software as a Service ("SaaS") and Infrastructure as a Service ("IaaS") arrangements, as well as data center services such as managed and remote managed services, server co-location, internet connectivity and data backup and storage, is recognized over the period service is provided.
