FIRM         : AVAV (CIK 0001368622) | FY2014
FILE         : 0001368622_AVAV_FY2014_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : April 30, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : ppe_note
SECTION TITLE: 20. Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements
ASSET CAT.   : Machinery and equipment, Computer equipment, Furniture and fixtures
DURÉE        : 2.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-5.0 ans | 2.0-7.0 ans | 3.0-7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Machinery and equipment 2 to 7 years Computer equipment and software 2 to 5 years Furniture and fixtures 3 to 7 years Leasehold improvements Lesser of useful life or term of lease

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's
Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. This ASU adds explicit guidance into U.S. GAAP regarding a customer's accounting for fees paid in a cloud
computing arrangement. The ASU provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license,
then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a
software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. A reporting entity should apply the amendments either (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the
effective date or (2) retrospectively. We are evaluating the potential impact of this adoption on our consolidated financial statements. ||| Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's
Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. ||| This ASU adds explicit guidance into U.S. GAAP regarding a customer's accounting for fees paid in a cloud
computing arrangement. The ASU provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license,
then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a
software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. A reporting entity should apply the amendments either (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the
effective date or (2) retrospectively. We are evaluating the potential impact of this adoption on our consolidated financial statements.
