FIRM         : QTWO (CIK 0001410384) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001410384_QTWO_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
The effective delivery and management of secure and advanced virtual banking solutions in the complex and heavily-regulated financial services industry requires significant resources, personnel and expertise. We provide virtual banking solutions that are designed to be highly configurable, scalable and adaptable to the specific needs of our RCFI customers. Our solutions deliver to account holders a unified virtual banking experience across online, mobile, voice and tablet channels by leveraging a common platform that integrates our solutions with each other and with our customers' other internal and third-party systems. In addition, we design our solutions and our data center infrastructure to comply with stringent security and technical regulations applicable to financial institutions and to safeguard our customers and their account holders through features such as real-time risk and fraud analytics.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-05, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), or ASU 2015-05, related to accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The new standard provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. We have determined that the adoption of ASU 2015-05 will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements for the period.
