FIRM         : GNRC (CIK 0001474735) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001474735_GNRC_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2024
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment, including internal use software, is recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are summarized below (in years).

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In June 2022, the Company acquired Electronic Environments Co. LLC and related subsidiaries (collectively EEC). Headquartered in Marlborough, Massachusetts, EEC is an industrial generator distributor as well as a provider of design, build, maintenance, and repair services for data center and telecom facilities.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Property and equipment, including internal use software, is recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are summarized below (in years). Costs of leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the term of the lease (including renewal option periods) or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. The Company capitalizes internal use software and significant enhancements when the Company obtains a software license or develops the software internally. The Company capitalizes cloud computing arrangements that qualify as service contracts if the Company has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the contract period, without significant penalty and if it is feasible for the Company to either operate the software internally or contract with a third party to host the software on our behalf. Implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other assets and operating lease and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized over the expected service period of the cloud computing arrangements. Finance lease right of use assets are included in property and equipment.
