FIRM         : MPT (CIK 0001287865) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001287865_MPT_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 8. Commitments and Contingencies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : 30.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Operating leases, in which we are the lessee, primarily consist of ground leases on which certain of our facilities or other related property
reside along with corporate office and equipment leases. The ground leases are long-term leases (almost all having terms for approximately 30 years or more), some of which contain escalation provisions and one contains a purchase option. Properties
subject to these ground leases are subleased to our tenants. Lease and rental expense (which is recorded on the straight-line method) for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, were $4.6 million, $2.3 million, and $2.3 million, which was offset by
sublease rental income of $2.3 million, $0.3 million, and $0.5 million for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Real Estate and
Depreciation: Real estate, consisting of land, buildings and improvements, are maintained at cost. Although typically paid by our tenants, any expenditure for ordinary maintenance and repairs that we pay are expensed to operations as
incurred. Significant renovations and improvements which improve and/or extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. We record impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when
events and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets, including an estimated liquidation amount, during the expected holding periods are less than the carrying
amounts of those assets. Impairment losses are measured as the difference between carrying value and fair value of the assets. For assets held for sale, we cease recording depreciation expense and adjust the assets’ value to the lower of its
carrying value or fair value, less cost of disposal. Fair value is based on estimated cash flows discounted at a risk-adjusted rate of interest. We classify real estate assets as held for sale when we have commenced an active program to sell the
assets, and in the opinion of management, it is probable the asset will be sold within the next 12 months.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
