FIRM         : DDOG (CIK 0001561550) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001561550_DDOG_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0-3.0 ans | 2.0 ans | 3.0 ans | 5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Such estimates include the fair value of marketable securities, allowance for doubtful accounts, the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities from business combinations, useful lives of property, equipment, software, and finite lived intangibles, stock-based compensation, fair value of common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock prior to the IPO, valuation of long-lived assets and their recoverability, including goodwill, the incremental borrowing rate for operating leases, estimated expected period of benefit period for deferred contract costs, realization of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions, revenue recognition and the allocation of overhead costs between cost of revenue and operating expenses.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Cost of revenue consists primarily of costs related to providing subscription services to paying customers, including data center and networking expenses, employee compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employe e -related expenses for customer experience and technical operations staff, payments to outside service providers, payment processing fees, amortization of capitalized internally developed software costs and acquired developed technology, and allocated overhead costs.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
To increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new customers. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption of our platform and products as an alternative to existing solutions. Many enterprises have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional on-premise architectures into their businesses and, therefore, may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to cloud computing. Further, the adoption of SaaS business software may be slower in industries with heightened data security interests or business practices requiring highly-customizable application software. In addition, as our market matures, our products evolve, and competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated products that are perceived to compete with our platform and products, our ability to sell subscriptions for our products could be impaired. Similarly, our subscription sales could be adversely affected if customers or users within these organizations perceive that features incorporated into competitive products reduce the need for our products or if they prefer to purchase other products that are bundled with solutions offered by other companies that operate in adjacent markets and compete with our products. As a result of these and other factors, we may be unable to attract new customers, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. ||| Because there are many different security breach techniques and such techniques continue to evolve, we may be unable to anticipate attempted security breaches, react in a timely manner or implement adequate preventative measures. Third parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers access to our cloud services. Any security breach or other security incident, or the perception that one has occurred, could result in a loss of customer confidence in the security of our platform and damage to our brand, reduce the demand for our products, disrupt normal business operations, require us to spend material resources to investigate or correct the breach and to prevent future security breaches and incidents, expose us to legal liabilities, including litigation, regulatory enforcement, and indemnity obligations, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are likely to increase as we continue to grow and process, store, and transmit increasingly large amounts of data. ||| Our unified platform combines functionality from numerous traditional product categories, and hence we compete in each of these categories with home-grown and open-source technologies, as well as a number of different vendors. With respect to on-premise infrastructure monitoring, we compete with diversified technology companies and systems management vendors including IBM, Microsoft Corporation, Micro Focus International plc, BMC Software, Inc. and Computer Associates International, Inc. With respect to APM, we compete with Cisco Systems, Inc., New Relic, Inc. and Dynatrace Software Inc. With respect to log management, we compete with Splunk Inc. and Elastic N.V. With respect to cloud monitoring, we compete with native solutions from cloud providers such as AWS, GCP and Microsoft Azure. In addition, we may increasingly choose to allow these third-party hosting providers to offer our solutions directly through their customer marketplaces. An increasing number of sales through cloud provider marketplaces could reduce both the number of customers with whom we have direct commercial relationships as well as our profit margins on sales made through such marketplaces.
