FIRM         : PODD (CIK 0001145197) | FY2023
FILE         : 0001145197_PODD_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-01-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-15.0 ans | 3.0-5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software development costs are amortized over their estimated useful life and recorded within cost of revenues.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Selling, general and administrative expenses for 2023 increased $147.1 million, or 25.0%, to $734.9 million, compared with $587.8 million in 2022. This increase was primarily attributable to year-over-year headcount additions, mainly to support international growth and costs associated with our new leadership structure that is designed to accelerate innovation and commercialization. In addition, we had higher direct-to-consumer advertising spend and third-party customer service costs to support Omnipod 5 adoption, and an increase in software license fees driven by investments in new systems due to our growing business and increased headcount. To a lesser extent, the increase was due to higher amortization of cloud computing implementation costs and higher third-party training costs. These increases were partially offset by $27.3 million of legal costs incurred in the prior year related to the settlement of a patent infringement lawsuit, associated legal fees, and an estimated liability to settle a contract dispute. ||| Net cash provided by operating activities of $145.7 million in 2023 was primarily attributable to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation expense, which was more than offset by a $190.6 million working capital cash outflow. The working capital outflow was driven by a $154.2 million increase in accounts receivable, a $53.6 million increase in inventories and a $42.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, partially offset by a $70.3 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to an increase in sales in the U.S. pharmacy channel, which has longer payment terms. The increase in inventories was primarily driven by a planned inventory build to mitigate supply chain risk and satisfy demand. The increase in prepaid expenses and other assets was driven by an increase in prepaid cloud computing implementation and upgrade costs, subscription renewal costs, and other receivables. Finally, the increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in accrued rebates mainly due to revenue growth in the pharmacy channel and an increase in compensation costs due to higher incentive compensation achievement and headcount additions, partially offset by warranty fulfillment associated with the voluntary MDCs issued in 2022. ||| Net cash provided by operating activities of $119.0 million in 2022 was primarily attributable to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a $2.5 million working capital cash outflow. The working capital outflow was driven by a $36.8 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, a $51.8 million increase in accounts receivable, and a $49.1 million increase in inventories, partially offset by a $137.6 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities. The increase in prepaid expenses and other assets was primarily driven by an increase in cloud computing implementation costs. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to an increase in sales in the U.S. pharmacy channel, which has longer payment terms, partially offset by a decrease in unbilled accounts receivable related to lower production volumes of our Drug Delivery product. The increase in inventories was primarily driven by a planned inventory build to satisfy demand. Finally, the increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities was primarily driven by the voluntary MDCs issued for our Omnipod DASH PDMs and Omnipod 5 Controllers, an increase in rebates due to growth in the pharmacy channel and an increase in compensation costs due to higher incentive compensation achievement and head count additions.
