FIRM         : FIX (CIK 0001035983) | FY2013
FILE         : 0001035983_FIX_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2013
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Approximately 83% of our revenue was earned on a project basis and recognized through the percentage of completion method of
accounting. Under this method, contract revenue recognizable at any time during the life of a contract is determined by multiplying expected total contract revenue by the percentage of contract costs
incurred at any time to total estimated contract costs. More specifically, as part of the negotiation and bidding process in connection with obtaining installation contracts, we estimate our contract
costs, which include all direct materials (exclusive of rebates), labor and subcontract costs and indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and
depreciation costs. These contract costs are included in our results of operations under the caption "Cost of Services." Then, as we perform under those contracts, we measure costs incurred, compare
them to total estimated costs to complete the contract and recognize a corresponding proportion of contract revenue. Labor costs are considered to be incurred as the work is performed. Subcontractor
labor is recognized as the work is performed, but is generally subjected to approval as to milestones or other evidence of completion. Non-labor project costs consist of purchased equipment,
prefabricated materials and other materials. Purchased equipment on our projects is substantially produced to job specifications and is a value added element to our work. The costs are considered to
be incurred when title is transferred to us, which typically is upon delivery to the work site. Prefabricated materials, such as ductwork and piping, are generally performed at our shops and
recognized as contract costs when fabricated for the unique specifications of the job. Other materials

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Revenue —Revenue increased $26.1 million, or 2.0% to $1,357.3 million in 2013 compared to 2012. The increase is primarily due to our
Arizona operation ($23.5 million) and our EAS operation ($47.3 million) which performed a significant amount of project work during 2013. This increase was partially offset by lower
revenue in our large operation headquartered in Virginia ($53.1 million), which had a fast-paced, large data center project in the first half of 2012 which did not reoccur in 2013 due to its
completion in the prior year.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
