FIRM         : AVAV (CIK 0001368622) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001368622_AVAV_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : April 30, 2016
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-5.0 ans | 2.0-7.0 ans | 3.0-7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company finances the purchase of certain IT equipment and perpetual software licenses with capital lease arrangements. The assets and liabilities under capital leases are recorded at the lesser of the present value of aggregate future minimum lease payments, including estimated bargain purchase options, or the fair value of the asset under lease. Assets under capital leases are depreciated using the straight-line method over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the term of the lease.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015 ‑05, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal ‑Use Software (Subtopic 350 ‑40): Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. This ASU adds explicit ||| ‑40): Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. ||| guidance into U.S. GAAP regarding a customer’s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The ASU provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. A reporting entity should apply the amendments either (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the effective date or (2) retrospectively. We are evaluating the potential impact of this adoption on our consolidated financial statements.
