FIRM         : FFIV (CIK 0001048695) | FY2023
FILE         : 0001048695_FFIV_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : September 30, 2023
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-5.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software development costs are amortized over the remaining estimated economic life of the product.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
• Revenues . Our revenue is derived from the sales of both global services and products. Our global services revenue includes annual maintenance contracts, training and consulting services. The majority of our product revenues are derived from sales of our application security and delivery solutions including our BIG-IP software and systems, F5 NGINX software, and our F5 Distributed Cloud Services offerings. Our BIG-IP software solutions are sold both on a perpetual license and a subscription basis. We sell F5 NGINX on a subscription basis. F5 Distributed Cloud Services provides security, multi-cloud networking, and edge-based computing solutions, encompassing software solutions from what were previously branded as our Shape, Volterra, and Silverline product offerings. F5 Distributed Cloud Services are offered on a subscription basis, under a unified software-as-a-service ("SaaS") platform. ||| . Our revenue is derived from the sales of both global services and products. Our global services revenue includes annual maintenance contracts, training and consulting services. The majority of our product revenues are derived from sales of our application security and delivery solutions including our BIG-IP software and systems, F5 NGINX software, and our F5 Distributed Cloud Services offerings. Our BIG-IP software solutions are sold both on a perpetual license and a subscription basis. We sell F5 NGINX on a subscription basis. F5 Distributed Cloud Services provides security, multi-cloud networking, and edge-based computing solutions, encompassing software solutions from what were previously branded as our Shape, Volterra, and Silverline product offerings. F5 Distributed Cloud Services are offered on a subscription basis, under a unified software-as-a-service ("SaaS") platform.
