FIRM         : FORR (CIK 0001023313) | FY2021
FILE         : 0001023313_FORR_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation Forrester Research, Inc. is a global independent research and advisory firm.
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, Computer software, Furniture and fixtures, Technology
DURÉE        : 3.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0-8.0 ans | 3.0-5.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans | 5.0-9.0 ans | 6.0-8.0 ans | 7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation and Amortization Forrester provides for depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, computed using the straight-line method, over their estimated useful lives of its assets as follows: Estimated Useful Life Computers and equipment 3 to 10 Years Computer software 3 to 5 Years Furniture and fixtures 7 Years Leasehold improvements Shorter of asset life or lease term Forrester provides for amortization of intangible assets, computed using an accelerated method according to the expected cash flows to be received from the underlying assets, over their estimated useful lives as follows: Estimated Useful Life Customer relationships 5 to 9 Years Technology 1 to 8 Years Trademarks 6 to 8 Years 39

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The Company evaluates reportable segment performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and expenses. Segment expenses include the direct expenses of each segment organization and exclude selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation expense, adjustments to incentive bonus compensation from target amounts, amortization of intangible assets, interest and other expense, and gains on investments. The accounting policies used by the segments are the same as those used in the consolidated financial statements. The Company does not review or evaluate assets as part of segment performance. Accordingly, the Company does not identify or allocate assets by reportable segment.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The Company adopted the guidance in ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software: Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract on January 1, 2020 using the prospective method . The new standard aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial position or results of operations. ||| Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software: Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract
