FIRM         : FIVE (CIK 0001177609) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001177609_FIVE_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : February 1, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Assets are grouped and evaluated for impairment at the lowest level of which there are identifiable cash flows, which is generally at a store level. Assets are reviewed for impairment using factors including, but not limited to, the Company's future operating plans and projected cash flows. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, then an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is based on discounted future cash flows of the asset using a discount rate commensurate with the risk. In the event of a store closure, the Company will record an impairment charge, if appropriate, or accelerate depreciation over the revised useful life of the asset. Based on its Company's most recent analysis, management believes that no impairment of long-lived assets exists for the period ended February 1, 2020 .

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, "Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract." ASU 2018-15 requires implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements to be deferred over the noncancelable term of the cloud computing arrangements plus any optional renewal periods (1) that are reasonably certain to be exercised by the customer or (2) for which exercise of the renewal option is controlled by the cloud service provider. The effective date of this pronouncement is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption is permitted. The standard can be adopted either using the prospective or retrospective transition approach. During the thirteen weeks ended November 3, 2018, the Company adopted the pronouncement using the prospective transition method and it did not have a significant impact to the Company's financial statements.
