FIRM         : RMAX (CIK 0001581091) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001581091_RMAX_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are initially recorded at cost. Depreciation is provided for on a straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of each asset class and commences when the property is placed in service. Amortization of leasehold improvements is provided for on a straight-line method over the estimated benefit period of the related assets or the lease term, if shorter.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The Company has two reportable segments: Real Estate Franchise Services and Brokerages. Management evaluates the operating results of its reportable segments based upon revenue and adjusted earnings before interest expense, interest income, the provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”). The Company’s presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies .

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement , which provides guidance on fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement and clarifies the accounting for a software license element of a cloud computing arrangement. ASU 2015-05 is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or prospective transition method. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. ||| Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| , which provides guidance on fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement and clarifies the accounting for a software license element of a cloud computing arrangement. ASU 2015-05 is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or prospective transition method. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
