FIRM         : NTAP (CIK 0001002047) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001002047_NTAP_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-05-28
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 18. Commitments and Contingencies
ASSET CAT.   : Furniture and fixtures, equipment, Computer software
DURÉE        : 2.0-3.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-3.0 ans | 3.0-5.0 ans | 5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation Life Buildings and improvements 10 to 40 years Furniture and fixtures 5 years Computer, production, engineering and other equipment 2 to 3 years Computer software 3 to 5 years Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining lease term or useful life

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets — We review the carrying values of long-lived assets whenever events and circumstances, such as reductions in demand, lower projections of profitability, significant changes in the manner of our use of acquired assets, or significant negative industry or economic trends, indicate that the net book value of an asset may not be recovered through expected future cash flows from its use and eventual disposition. If this review indicates that there is an impairment, the impaired asset is written down to its fair value, which is typically calculated using: (i) quoted market prices and/or (ii) expected future cash flows utilizing a discount rate. Our estimates regarding future anticipated cash flows, the remaining economic life of the products and technologies, or both, may differ from those used to assess the recoverability of assets. In that event, impairment charges or shortened useful lives of certain long-lived assets may be required, resulting in charges to our consolidated statements of income when such determinations are made.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Description of Business — NetApp, Inc. (we, us, or the Company) is a global cloud-led, data-centric software company that provides organizations the ability to manage and share their data across on-premises, private and public clouds. We provide a full range of enterprise-class software, systems and services solutions that customers use to modernize their infrastructures, build next generation data centers and harness the power of hybrid clouds.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In addition to our products and solutions, we provide a variety of services to our customers, including software support, hardware support and other services including professional services, and customer education and training to help customers most effectively build their unique data fabrics and efficiently manage their data. Revenues generated by our Public Cloud Services (formerly referred to as Cloud Data Services) offerings, are included in software support revenues. ||| Deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue: Total deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue increased $305 million, or 8%, as of fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to increases in the installed base and aggregate contract values under software and hardware support contracts, Public Cloud Services contracts, and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. ||| The growth in software support revenues reflects higher Public Cloud Services revenue and the higher aggregate contract value of the installed base under software support contracts, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the terms of the underlying contracts.
