FIRM         : CME (CIK 0001156375) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001156375_CME_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : certain trading and clearing applications, depending upon expected useful lives
DURÉE        : 2.0-4.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : B200 (1 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0-10.0 ans | 2.0-4.0 ans | 2.0-7.0 ans | 8.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Internal and external costs incurred in developing, obtaining, or implementing computer software for internal use which meet the requirements for capitalization are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software, generally two to four years, but up to eight years for certain trading and clearing applications, depending upon expected useful lives.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Future capital expenditures for technology are anticipated as we continue to support our growth through increased system capacity, performance improvements, integration of acquired platforms and improvements to some of our office spaces. Each year, capital expenditures are incurred for improvements to and modification of our offices, remote data centers, telecommunications network and other operating equipment. In 2023, we expect capital expenditures to total approximately $100.0 million, net of any leasehold improvement allowances. We continue to monitor our capital needs and may revise our forecasted expenditures as necessary in the future.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Our strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence, including through our partnership with Google Cloud. This strategy allows us to continue to develop into a more broadly diversified financial exchange that provides trading and clearing solutions across a wide range of products and asset classes. Our strategic initiatives are discussed in "Item 1 - Business" beginning on page 7 . ||| • Professional fees and outside services expense decreased due to one-time legal and other professional fees incurred in 2021 related to our joint venture with IHS Markit. The decrease in professional fees was partially offset by an increase in consulting fees attributable to CME Group's partnership with Google Cloud, which was signed in November 2021. ||| Professional fees and outside services expense decreased due to one-time legal and other professional fees incurred in 2021 related to our joint venture with IHS Markit. The decrease in professional fees was partially offset by an increase in consulting fees attributable to CME Group's partnership with Google Cloud, which was signed in November 2021.
