FIRM         : MC (CIK 0001596967) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001596967_MC_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2023-02-08
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Office equipment and furniture
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
—Office equipment and furniture and fixtures are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, which is determined using the straight‑line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Software — Costs related to implementation of cloud computing arrangements that qualify for capitalization are stated at cost less accumulated amortization within prepaid and other assets on the Company’s consolidated statement of financial condition. Such capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the term of the cloud computing service contract or another rational basis, beginning when the cloud computing arrangement is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. All costs not directly related to the implementation of cloud computing arrangements, including overhead costs and costs of service agreements, are expensed in the period they are incurred. The amortization expense of such capitalized costs are presented under communication, technology and information services on the consolidated statement of operations. ||| As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , there were $ 1,639 and $ 2,127 of costs capitalized, net of $ 1,232 and $ 744 of accumulated amortization, respectively, within prepaid expenses and other assets on our consolidated statements of financial position related to the implementation of cloud computing arrangements. The amortization expense of the capitalized costs was $ 488 , $ 488 and $ 256 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The amortization expense was recorded within communication, technology and information services on the consolidated statements of operations. ||| — Costs related to implementation of cloud computing arrangements that qualify for capitalization are stated at cost less accumulated amortization within prepaid and other assets on the Company’s consolidated statement of financial condition. Such capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the term of the cloud computing service contract or another rational basis, beginning when the cloud computing arrangement is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. All costs not directly related to the implementation of cloud computing arrangements, including overhead costs and costs of service agreements, are expensed in the period they are incurred. The amortization expense of such capitalized costs are presented under communication, technology and information services on the consolidated statement of operations.
