FIRM         : LITE (CIK 0001633978) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001633978_LITE_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2023-07-01
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : building and improvements
DURÉE        : 2.0-5.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : A100 (1 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0-5.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method generally over the following estimated useful lives of the assets: 10 to 40 years for building and improvements, 3 to 10 years for machinery and equipment, and 2 to 5 years for furniture, fixtures, software and office equipment.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Our OpComms products include a wide range of components, modules and subsystems to support customers including carrier networks for access (local), metro (intracity), long-haul (city-to-city and worldwide) and submarine (undersea) applications. Additionally, our products address enterprise, cloud, and data center applications, including storage-access networks (“SANs”), local-area networks (“LANs”) and wide-area networks (“WANs”). These products enable the transmission and transport of video, audio and data over high-capacity fiber-optic cables. We maintain leading positions in these fast growing OpComms markets through our extensive product portfolio, including reconfigurable optical add/drop multiplexers (“ROADMs”), coherent dense wavelength division multiplexing (“DWDM”) pluggable transceivers, and tunable small form-factor pluggable transceivers. We also sell laser chips for use in manufacturing of high-speed Datacom transceivers.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
On August 3, 2022 (the “Closing Date”), we completed our acquisition of NeoPhotonics Corporation (“NeoPhotonics”). The addition of NeoPhotonics expands our opportunity in some of the fastest growing markets for optical components used in cloud and telecom network infrastructure. We expect the integrated company to be better positioned to serve the needs of a global customer base who are increasingly utilizing photonics to accelerate the shift to digital and virtual approaches to work and life, the proliferation of IoT, 5G, and next-generation mobile networks, and the transition to advanced cloud computing architectures. ||| Our primary strategic focus for several years has been technology and product leadership combined with close customer relationships in long-term healthy and growing markets. We believe this strategy is even more apt, and our long-term opportunity is not diminished, with COVID-19. We believe there are long-term opportunities, as the world’s experience with COVID-19 could drive an increasingly digital and virtual world, touching all aspects of life and work, that increasingly emphasizes the importance of communications systems, cloud services, augmented and virtual reality, and enhanced security. Additionally, ever advancing electronic devices are needed to consume, produce, and communicate digital and virtual content. All these trends could drive the need for higher volumes of higher performing optical devices that we could supply. As such, we expect to continue to invest strongly in new products, technology and customer programs.
