FIRM         : NTNX (CIK 0001618732) | FY2021
FILE         : 0001618732_NTNX_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-09-15
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1. OVER VIEW AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Allocated costs consist of certain facilities, depreciation and amortization, recruiting and information technology costs allocated based on headcount.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Nutanix, Inc. ("we," "us," "our" or "Nutanix") provides a leading enterprise cloud platform, which we call the Nutanix Cloud Platform, that consists of software solutions and cloud services that power our customers’ enterprise infrastructure. Our solutions run across private-, hybrid- and multicloud environments, and allow organizations to seamlessly "lift and shift" their workloads, including enterprise applications, high-performance databases, end-user computing and virtual desktop infrastructure ("VDI") services, cloud native workloads, and analytics applications, between different cloud environments. Our goal is to provide a single, simple, open software platform for all hybrid and multicloud applications and data – a true hybrid cloud infrastructure.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Nutanix, Inc. ("we," "us," "our" or "Nutanix") provides a leading enterprise cloud platform, which we call the Nutanix Cloud Platform, that consists of software solutions and cloud services that power our customers’ enterprise infrastructure. Our solutions run across private-, hybrid- and multicloud environments, and allow organizations to seamlessly "lift and shift" their workloads, including enterprise applications, high-performance databases, end-user computing and virtual desktop infrastructure ("VDI") services, cloud native workloads, and analytics applications, between different cloud environments. Our goal is to provide a single, simple, open software platform for all hybrid and multicloud applications and data – a true hybrid cloud infrastructure. ||| Our enterprise cloud platform can be deployed on a variety of qualified hardware platforms or, in the case of our cloud-based software and software as a service ("SaaS") offerings, via hosted service or delivered pre-installed on an appliance that is configured to order. Non-portable software licenses are delivered or sold alongside configured-to-order appliances and can be used over the life of the associated appliance. Our subscription term-based licenses are sold separately, or can be sold alongside configured-to-order appliances. Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our channel partners, original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") or in limited cases, directly from Nutanix. Our enterprise cloud platform typically includes one or more years of support and entitlements, which provides customers with the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. ||| Our solutions are primarily sold through channel partners, including distributors, resellers and OEMs, and delivered directly to our end customers. Our solutions serve a broad range of workloads, including enterprise applications, databases, virtual desktop infrastructure, unified communications and big data analytics, and we support both virtualized and container-based applications. We have end customers across a broad range of industries, such as automotive, consumer goods, education, energy, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, media, public sector, retail, technology and telecommunications. We also sell to service providers, who utilize our enterprise cloud platform to provide a variety of cloud-based services to their customers.
