FIRM         : IRM (CIK 0001020569) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001020569_IRM_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2018
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Our revenues consist of storage rental revenues as well as service revenues and are reflected net of sales and value added taxes. Storage rental revenues, which are considered a key driver of financial performance for the storage and information management services industry, consist primarily of recurring periodic rental charges related to the storage of materials or data (generally on a per unit basis) that are typically retained by customers for many years, technology escrow services that protect and manage source code, data backup and storage on our proprietary cloud and revenues associated with our data center operations. Service revenues include charges for related service activities, the most significant of which include: (1) the handling of records, including the addition of new records, temporary removal of records from storage, refiling of removed records and courier operations, consisting primarily of the pickup and delivery of records upon customer request; (2) destruction services, consisting primarily of secure shredding of sensitive documents and the related sale of recycled paper, the price of which can fluctuate from period to period, and customer termination and permanent removal fees; (3) other services, including the scanning, imaging and document conversion services of active and inactive records and project revenues; (4) consulting services; and (5) cloud-related data protection, preservation, restoration and recovery. Our service revenue growth has been negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records are becoming less active. While customers continue to store their records and tapes with us, they are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records for research and other purposes, thereby reducing service activity levels.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Storage rental and service revenues are recognized in the month the respective storage rental or service is provided, and customers are generally billed on a monthly basis on contractually agreed-upon terms. Amounts related to future storage rental or prepaid service contracts for customers where storage rental fees or services are billed in advance are accounted for as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over the period the applicable storage rental or service is provided or performed. Revenues from the sales of products, which are included as a component of service revenues, are recognized when products are shipped and title has passed to the customer. Revenues from the sales of products, which represented less than 2% of consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018, have historically not been significant. The performance obligation is a series of distinct services (as determined for purposes of ASU 2014-09, a “series”) that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer that is satisfied over time. For those contracts that qualify as a series, we have a right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the underlying performance obligation transferred to the customer to date. This concept is known as "right to invoice" and we are applying the "right to invoice" practical expedient to all revenues, with the exception of storage revenues in our data center business. ||| For all of our businesses, with the exception of the storage component of our data center business, each purchasing decision is fully in the control of the customer and, therefore, consideration beyond the current reporting period is variable and allocated to the specific period, which is consistent with the practical expedient described above. Our data center business features storage rental provided to the customer at contractually specified rates over a fixed contractual period. The storage rental revenue related to the storage component of our data center business is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term. The revenue related to the service component of our data center business is recognized in the period the data center access or related services are provided. ||| Our Global Data Center business operates in eight markets in the United States and three international markets. We provide mission-critical data centers that are designed and operated to protect and ensure the continued operation of IT infrastructure for our customers. Data centers are highly specialized and secure assets that serve as centralized repositories of server, storage and network equipment. They are capital intensive and designed to provide the space, power, cooling and network connectivity necessary to efficiently operate mission-critical IT equipment. The demand for data center infrastructure is being driven by many factors, but most importantly by significant growth in data as well as an increased demand for outsourcing. In order to attract and retain customers, as well as sustain growth in our existing and new markets, we must have the capability to tailor our facilities to meet the customers’ needs. This may include expansion in an existing data center, acquisition of new facilities or land for development. Our estimate of fair value reflects the expected growth in each of our data center markets along with the corresponding capital investments required to meet demand. The business is primarily comprised of acquisitions completed in late 2017 and 2018; therefore, we would expect that the fair value of this reporting unit will closely approximate its carrying value.
