FIRM         : ARES (CIK 0001176948) | FY2014
FILE         : 0001176948_ARES_FY2014_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2014
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
ASSET CAT.   : furniture, equipment, computer hardware
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Fixed assets, consisting of furniture, fixtures and equipment, leasehold improvements, and computer hardware and internal use software,
are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Economic
net income ("ENI") is a key performance indicator used in the alternative asset management industry. ENI represents net income excluding (a) income tax expense,
(b) operating results of Consolidated Funds, (c) depreciation expense, (d) the effects of changes arising from corporate actions
and (e) certain other items that the Company does not believe are indicative of its core performance. Changes arising from corporate actions include equity-based compensation expenses, the
amortization of intangible assets, transaction costs associated with acquisitions and capital transactions, placement fees and underwriting costs and expenses incurred in connection with corporate
reorganization. The Company believes the exclusion of these items provides investors with a meaningful indication of the Company's core operating performance. ENI is evaluated regularly by management
as a decision tool for deployment of resources and assess performances of each of the business segments. The Company believes that reporting ENI is helpful in understanding its business and that
investors should review the same supplemental non-GAAP financial measures that management uses to analyze the segment performance. These measures supplement and should be considered in addition to,
and not in lieu of, the Consolidated Statements of Operations prepared in accordance with GAAP.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
