FIRM         : LULU (CIK 0001397187) | FY2016
FILE         : 0001397187_LULU_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 17
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. This guidance requires that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of fiscal 2016 and it was adopted prospectively. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. ||| In April 2015, the FASB amended ASC Subtopic 350-40, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. This guidance requires that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of fiscal 2016 and it was adopted prospectively. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
