FIRM         : SMCI (CIK 0001375365) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001375365_SMCI_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : June 30, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : Intel_Xeon;NVIDIA (2 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software development costs are amortized using the straight-line amortization method over the estimated useful life of the applicable software.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
We are a global leader and innovator of application-optimized high performance and high-efficiency server and storage systems for a variety of markets, including enterprise data centers, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5G and edge computing. Our solutions include complete servers, storage systems, modular blade servers, blades, workstations, full racks, networking devices, server management software, and server sub-systems. We also provide global support and services to help our customers install, upgrade and maintain their computing infrastructure.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We are a global leader and innovator of application-optimized high performance and high-efficiency server and storage systems for a variety of markets, including enterprise data centers, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5G and edge computing. Our solutions include complete servers, storage systems, modular blade servers, blades, workstations, full racks, networking devices, server management software, and server sub-systems. We also provide global support and services to help our customers install, upgrade and maintain their computing infrastructure. ||| The year-over-year increase in net sales in the United States was primarily due to the higher sales of our server and storage systems to our direct customers and OEMs. The year-over-year decrease in net sales in Asia was due primarily to decreased sales through our indirect sales channel in China, partially offset by increased sales in Taiwan to enterprise datacenter customers. The increased percentage of net sales in Europe was primarily due to higher sales in the Netherlands to enterprise and cloud computing customers.
