FIRM         : FHI (CIK 0001056288) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001056288_FHI_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : software, typically
DURÉE        : 4.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
These capitalized costs are included in Property and Equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, typically four years , or over the term of the software license.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
On August 29, 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments in this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). The update is effective for Federated on January 1, 2020, and allows for either the prospective or retrospective adoption method. Management plans to elect the prospective adoption approach, which does not require the restatement of prior years. The adoption will not have a material impact to Federated's Consolidated Financial Statements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Certain internal and external costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining software for internal use, including software licenses in a cloud computing arrangement, are capitalized in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance ||| (e) Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| On August 29, 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments in this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). The update is effective for Federated on January 1, 2020, and allows for either the prospective or retrospective adoption method. Management plans to elect the prospective adoption approach, which does not require the restatement of prior years. The adoption will not have a material impact to Federated's Consolidated Financial Statements.
