FIRM         : GNRC (CIK 0001474735) | FY2014
FILE         : 0001474735_GNRC_FY2014_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2014
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are being depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are summarized below (in years).

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Increasing penetration opportunity. Many potential customers are not aware of the costs and benefits of automatic backup power solutions. We estimate that penetration rates for home standby generators are only approximately 3.5% of U.S. single-family detached, owner-occupied households with a home value of over $100,000, as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau's 2013 American Housing Survey for the United States. The decision to purchase backup power for many light-commercial buildings such as convenience stores, restaurants and gas stations is more return-on-investment (ROI) driven and as a result these applications have relatively lower penetration rates as compared to buildings used in code-driven or mission critical applications such as hospitals, wastewater treatment facilities, 911 call centers, data centers and certain industrial locations. The emergence of lower cost, cleaner burning natural gas fueled generators has helped to accelerate the penetration of standby generators in the light-commercial market. In addition, the importance of backup power for telecommunications infrastructure is increasing due to the growing importance for uninterrupted voice and data services. Also, in recent years, a more stringent regulatory environment around the flaring of natural gas at oil & gas drilling and production sites has been a catalyst for increased demand for natural gas fueled generators, including mobile solutions. We believe by expanding our distribution network, continuing to develop our product line, and targeting our marketing efforts, we can continue to build awareness and increase penetration for our standby and mobile generators for residential, commercial and industrial purposes.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
