FIRM         : RXO (CIK 0001929561) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001929561_RXO_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2025-02-12
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.5-7.0 ans | 3.0-10.0 ans | 3.0-14.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Prior to the Separation, the historical results of operations included allocations of XPO costs and expenses including XPO’s corporate function which incurred a variety of expenses including, but not limited to, information technology, human resources, accounting, sales and sales operations, procurement, executive services, legal, corporate finance and communications. An allocation of these expenses is included to burden all business units comprising XPO’s historical results of operations, including RXO. The charges reflected have either been specifically identified or allocated using drivers including proportionally adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which includes adjustments for transaction and integration costs, as well as restructuring costs and other adjustments, or headcount. The Company believes the assumptions regarding allocations of XPO corporate expenses are reasonable. Nevertheless, the consolidated financial statements may not reflect the results of operations, cash flows and financial position had the Company been a standalone entity during the periods presented. The majority of these allocated costs are recorded within Sales, general and administrative expense; Depreciation and amortization expense; Transaction and integration costs; and Restructuring costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. All charges and allocations for facilities, functions and services performed by XPO organizations have been deemed settled in cash by RXO to XPO in the year in which the cost was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), identified as our chief executive officer, regularly reviews financial information at the operating segment level to allocate resources and assess performance. The CODM assesses operating segment performance by using segment adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“segment adjusted EBITDA”). The CODM uses segment adjusted EBITDA predominantly in the annual budget and forecasting process. The CODM considers budget-to-actual variances for this profit measure when making decisions about the allocation of operating and capital resources. The CODM also uses adjusted EBITDA to evaluate pricing strategy and to assess the overall performance of the Company.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
