FIRM         : BR (CIK 0001383312) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001383312_BR_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : June 30, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : B200 (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Costs directly related to the activities necessary to make the data center usable for its intended purpose are deferred and amortized over the life of the contract on a straight-line basis commencing on the date the data center has achieved full functionality.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
J. Deferred Data Center Costs. Data center costs relate to conversion costs associated with our principal data center systems and applications. Costs directly related to the activities necessary to make the data center usable for its intended purpose are deferred and amortized over the life of the contract on a straight-line basis commencing on the date the data center has achieved full functionality. These deferred costs are reflected in Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Refer to Note 11, “Other Non-Current Assets” for a further description of the Company’s Deferred data center costs.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We provide customer communications solutions which include print and digital solutions, content management, postal optimization, and fulfillment services. These services include customer communications management capabilities through the Broadridge Communications Cloud platform. Through one point of integration, the Communications Cloud helps companies create, deliver, and manage multi-channel communications and customer engagement. The platform includes data-driven composition tools, identity and preference management, multi-channel optimization and digital communication experience, archive and information management, digital and print delivery, and analytics and reporting tools. ||| These services include customer communications management capabilities through the Broadridge Communications Cloud platform. Through one point of integration, the Communications Cloud helps companies create, deliver, and manage multi-channel communications and customer engagement. The platform includes data-driven composition tools, identity and preference management, multi-channel optimization and digital communication experience, archive and information management, digital and print delivery, and analytics and reporting tools. ||| In December 2019, the Company and IBM entered into an information technology agreement for private cloud services (“the IBM Private Cloud Agreement”) under which IBM will operate, manage and support the Company’s private cloud global distributed platforms and products, and operate and manage certain Company networks. The IBM Private Cloud Agreement has an initial term of approximately 10 years and three months, expiring on March 31, 2030. As a result of the IBM Private Cloud Agreement, the Company transferred certain of its employees in April 2020 to IBM and its affiliates, and such transferred employees are expected to continue providing services to the Company on behalf of IBM under the IBM Private Cloud Agreement. Pursuant to the IBM Private Cloud Agreement, the Company has agreed to transfer the ownership of certain Company-owned hardware (the “Hardware”) located at Company facilities worldwide along with the Company’s maintenance agreements (“Maintenance Contracts”) associated with the Hardware to IBM. The transfer of the Hardware and Maintenance Contracts to IBM is expected to close no later than September 30, 2020. The Company concluded that the Hardware qualifies as assets held for sale since the Company has committed to a plan of disposal expected to be completed within a year, and therefore, has recorded the Hardware at fair value less costs to dispose based on the expected selling price to IBM (a Level 3 fair value measurement as defined in Note 7, “Fair Value of Financial Instruments” to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements). Accordingly, the Company has recorded a non-cash pre-tax charge of
