FIRM         : IDA (CIK 0001057877) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001057877_IDA_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2019-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; depreciation expense; and income tax expense.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , to provide guidance on implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. ASU 2018-15 aligns the recognition of such implementation costs with the accounting for costs incurred to implement an internal-use software solution. However, the balance sheet line item for presentation of capitalized implementation costs for a cloud arrangement that is a service contract should be the same as that for the prepayment of fees related to the same arrangement, while capitalized implementation costs for internal-use software solutions are often included in property, plant, and equipment as an intangible asset. The new standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. IDACORP and Idaho Power are finalizing the assessment of the financial impacts of adoption, but do not believe the adoption of ASU 2018-15 will not have a material impact on their respective financial statements. ||| Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| , to provide guidance on implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. ASU 2018-15 aligns the recognition of such implementation costs with the accounting for costs incurred to implement an internal-use software solution. However, the balance sheet line item for presentation of capitalized implementation costs for a cloud arrangement that is a service contract should be the same as that for the prepayment of fees related to the same arrangement, while capitalized implementation costs for internal-use software solutions are often included in property, plant, and equipment as an intangible asset. The new standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. IDACORP and Idaho Power are finalizing the assessment of the financial impacts of adoption, but do not believe the adoption of ASU 2018-15 will not have a material impact on their respective financial statements.
