FIRM         : GWRE (CIK 0001528396) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001528396_GWRE_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : July 31, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Significant items subject to such estimates include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, stock-based compensation, annual bonus attainment, income tax uncertainties, fair value of convertible senior notes and investments, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, software development costs to be capitalized, and contingencies.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Our sales cycles for new and existing customers remain protracted as customers are deliberate and the decision-making and product evaluation process is long. These evaluation periods can extend further if the customer purchases multiple products or assesses the benefits of a cloud-based subscription in addition to our more traditional self-managed licensing models. Sales to new customers also involve extensive customer due diligence and reference checks. The success of our sales efforts relies on continued improvements and enhancements to our current products, the introduction of new products, efficient operation of our cloud infrastructure, and the continued development of relevant local content and the creation of automated tools for updating content. Additionally, we maintain and grow our credibility with each successful implementation.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
InsuranceSuite via Guidewire Cloud is a highly configurable and scalable product, delivered as a service and primarily comprised of three core applications (PolicyCenter, BillingCenter, and ClaimCenter) that can be subscribed to separately or together. These applications are built on and optimized for our Guidewire Cloud Platform (GWCP) architecture and leverages our in-house Guidewire Cloud operations team. InsuranceSuite via Guidewire Cloud is designed to support multiple releases a year to ensure that cloud customers remain on the latest version and gain fast access to our innovation efforts. Additionally, InsuranceSuite via Guidewire Cloud embeds digital and analytics capabilities natively into our platform. Most new sales and implementations are for InsuranceSuite via Guidewire Cloud. InsuranceNow is a complete, cloud-based system that offers policy, billing, and claims management functionality to insurers that have limited IT resources. InsuranceSuite for self-managed is comprised of three core applications (PolicyCenter, BillingCenter, and ClaimCenter) that can be licensed separately or together and can be deployed and updated by our customers and their implementation partners. Our digital engagement applications enable digital sales, omni-channel service, and enhanced claims experiences for policyholders, agents, vendor partners and field personnel. Our Guidewire Analytics and AI offerings enable insurers to manage data more effectively, gain insights into their business, drive operational efficiencies, and underwrite new and evolving risks. To support P&C insurers globally, we have localized, and will continue to localize, our platform for use in a variety of international regulatory, language, and currency environments. ||| These applications are built on and optimized for our Guidewire Cloud Platform (GWCP) architecture and leverages our in-house Guidewire Cloud operations team. ||| Our revenue is derived from contracts with customers. The majority of our revenue is derived from licensing arrangements that can span multiple years, subscriptions for our cloud services, and implementation and other professional services arrangements. On August 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method and recorded a net cumulative effect adjustment of $44.3 million. The core principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenue upon the transfer of services or products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services or products. We apply a five-step framework to recognize revenue as described in our Revenue Recognition policy included in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K .
