FIRM         : CARS (CIK 0001683606) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001683606_CARS_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2020-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Technology, Capitalized software, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 3.0-5.0 ans | 5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Internally Developed Technology . The Company capitalizes costs associated with customized internal-use software systems and website development that have reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the applications. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose. The Company reviews the carrying amount of internally developed technology for impairment and useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Capitalized software costs, including cloud computing arrangements, for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $16.3 million, $19.8 million and $11.5 million, respectively. Capitalized costs, excluding those for cloud computing arrangements, are included in Property and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Product and technology. The product team creates and manages consumer and dealer-facing innovation, manages consumer user experience and includes the costs associated with our editorial, search engine optimization and data strategy teams. The technology team develops and supports our products and websites. Product and technology expense includes compensation costs, hardware/software maintenance, software licenses, data center and other infrastructure costs. Product and technology expense represents 11.1% and 10.4% of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Product and technology expense decreased $2.2 million, primarily driven by lower compensation costs as a result of the Technology Transformation and our management of expenses to adjust to changes in revenue primarily related to the second quarter discounts given to our dealers due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Internally Developed Technology . The Company capitalizes costs associated with customized internal-use software systems and website development that have reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the applications. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose. The Company reviews the carrying amount of internally developed technology for impairment and useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Capitalized software costs, including cloud computing arrangements, for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $16.3 million, $19.8 million and $11.5 million, respectively. Capitalized costs, excluding those for cloud computing arrangements, are included in Property and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. ||| Cloud Computing Arrangements. The Company capitalizes costs associated with the development of cloud computing arrangements in a manner consistent with internally developed technology. Capitalized costs are included in Prepaid expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Any amortization is recorded in the same manner on the Consolidated Statement of (Loss) Income as the associated expense with the underlying host arrangement. These costs as of December 31, 2020 were immaterial. ||| Cloud Computing Arrangements. In August 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2018-15, Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , aligning the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs for internal-use software. The Company adopted this new guidance as of January 1, 2020. The adoption did not have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures .
