FIRM         : EXTR (CIK 0001078271) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001078271_EXTR_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-06-30
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, computer equipment, office equipment and furniture
DURÉE        : 1.0-4.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 1.0-4.0 ans | 3.0-7.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Estimated useful lives of one to four years are used for computer equipment and purchased software. Estimated useful lives of three to seven years are used for office equipment and furniture and fixtures.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Our cost of subscription and support revenues consist primarily of labor, overhead, repair and freight costs and the cost of service parts used in providing support under customer maintenance contracts as well as third-party professional services costs, data center costs and cloud hosting service costs.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
A direction affecting the Enterprise Network Equipment market is the continued adoption of the cloud-managed enterprise WLAN in the enterprise market. Hybrid cloud is a cloud computing environment which uses a mix of on-premises, private cloud, and third-party, public cloud services with orchestration between multiple platforms. We introduced our Cloud offering in 2016 and in August 2019 acquired Aerohive Networks, Inc to enhance our Cloud strategy with a 3 rd generation Cloud platform and to accelerate adoption of hybrid cloud networking solutions in the Enterprise. We believe Extreme’s enhanced Cloud solution is the only offering in the market that seamlessly integrates the cloud with on-premises infrastructures and enables visibility from the edge to everywhere. See Part 1, Item 1. Business , for additional discussion of our business. ||| For fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, our tax provision is primarily related to (i) taxes on our foreign operations, including foreign withholding taxes remitted to foreign tax authorities by customers on our behalf, (ii) tax expense related to the establishment of a U.S. deferred tax liability for amortizable goodwill resulting from the acquisition of Enterasys Networks, Inc., the WLAN Business, the Campus Fabric Business and the Data Center Business and (iii) state taxes in states where we have exhausted available Net Operating Losses or are subject to certain franchise taxes qualifying as income tax under the relevant tax accounting guidance. In addition, our tax provision for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 included $1.3 million of U.S. federal tax. ||| generation Cloud platform and to accelerate adoption of hybrid cloud networking solutions in the Enterprise. We believe Extreme’s enhanced Cloud solution is the only offering in the market that seamlessly integrates the cloud with on-premises infrastructures and enables visibility from the edge to everywhere. See Part 1, Item 1.
