FIRM         : PLMR (CIK 0001761312) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001761312_PLMR_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2024
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 7. Capitalized Assets
ASSET CAT.   : capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Amortization expense relating to capitalized software for the years ended December 31, 2024 , 2023 and 2022 was $3.4 million, $2.8 million, and $2.6 million, respectively.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
An additional important part of our ERM is business continuity, including in the circumstances of a catastrophe event. We have established a business continuity team made up of executive management with predefined roles and responsibilities in the event of an emergency response situation and a business continuity communication site where employees are directed to receive instructions that are tailored to various scenarios. We store all data offsite and ensure it is accessible remotely. Our communications, virtual file servers, underwriting and distribution systems, and claims portal are hosted in geographically diverse data centers domestically and globally. We maintain an additional office in Edina, Minnesota and purchase business continuity services to support our offices in the event of a disruptive event. The majority of our workforce is also equipped to work remotely should they be unable to access our offices.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Costs associated with the implementation of certain internal systems are capitalized and carried at capitalized cost less accumulated amortization and are included as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Costs capitalized include internal personnel costs, external developer costs, and interest. The implementation costs relate to systems built on software which the Company purchases under a cloud computing arrangement and accounts for as a service contract. As such, capitalized costs are amortized over the term of the service contract.
