FIRM         : BNED (CIK 0001634117) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001634117_BNED_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2. Basis of Presentation
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are carried at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (“ASU 2018-15”), ||| which requires an entity (customer) in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract to follow the guidance to determine which implementation costs to capitalize as an asset related to the service contract and which costs to expense. The ASU requires upfront implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement (or hosting arrangement) that is a service contract to be amortized to hosting expense over the term of the arrangement, beginning when the module or component of the hosting arrangement is ready for its intended use. We are required to adopt this standard in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance may be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating this standard to determine the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements. ||| In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (“ASU 2018-15”), which requires an entity (customer) in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract to follow the guidance to determine which implementation costs to capitalize as an asset related to the service contract and which costs to expense. The ASU requires upfront implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement (or hosting arrangement) that is a service contract to be amortized to hosting expense over the term of the arrangement, beginning when the module or component of the hosting arrangement is ready for its intended use. We are required to adopt this standard in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance may be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating this standard to determine the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.
