FIRM         : SEDG (CIK 0001419612) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001419612_SEDG_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 2: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, furniture, Machinery and equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, plant and equipment: Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and government grants. Depreciation is calculated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets, at the following rates: % Buildings and plants 3-5.7 (mainly 5.7) Computers and peripheral equipment 14.3-33.3 (mainly 14.3) Office furniture and equipment 7-20 (mainly 7) Machinery and equipment 10-20 (mainly 10) Laboratory and testing equipment 10-20 (mainly 15) Leasehold improvements over the shorter of the lease term or useful economic life

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
p. Intangible Assets: Acquired identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis or accelerated method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The basis of amortization approximates the pattern in which the assets are utilized, over their estimated useful lives. The Company routinely reviews the remaining estimated useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets. In case the Company reduces the estimated useful life for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance is amortized over the revised estimated useful life (see Note 10). Depreciation is calculated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets, at the following rates: % Current technology 14.3-20 (mainly 20) Customer relationships 100 Trade names 20-50 (mainly 50) Patents 9.5-10 (mainly 9.5)

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The Company incurs costs to implement cloud computing arrangements ("CCA") that are hosted by third party vendors. Implementation costs associated with CCA are capitalized when incurred during the application development phase until the software is ready for its intended use. The costs are then amortized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the cloud computing arrangement and are recognized as an operating expense within the consolidated statements of income (loss). Capitalized amounts related to such arrangements are recorded within other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Cash payments for CCA implementation costs are classified as cash used in operating activities. ||| Cloud computing arrangements ||| s. Cloud computing arrangements: In 2021, due to the growing size and complexity of the Company, the Company decided to implement a new global enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system, which will replace the Company's existing operating and financial systems. During 2022, the Company began implementing a cloud-based ERP system. The Company's implementation of this system is expected to be completed in 2025. The Company incurs costs to implement cloud computing arrangements ("CCA") that are hosted by third party vendors. Implementation costs associated with CCA are capitalized when incurred during the application development phase until the software is ready for its intended use. The costs are then amortized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the cloud computing arrangement and are recognized as an operating expense within the consolidated statements of income (loss). Capitalized amounts related to such arrangements are recorded within other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Cash payments for CCA implementation costs are classified as cash used in operating activities. As of December 31, 2024, and 2023 the Company had capitalized implementation costs related to its upcoming ERP conversion in the amounts of $29,366 and $13,666, respectively presented under other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheet.
