FIRM         : CARS (CIK 0001683606) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001683606_CARS_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Technology, Capitalized software, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : B100 (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Internally Developed Technology . The Company capitalizes costs associated with customized internal-use software systems and website development that have reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the applications. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose. The Company reviews the carrying amount of internally developed technology for impairment and useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Capitalized software costs, excluding cloud computing arrangements, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $ 18.1 million, $ 17.9 million and $ 16.3 million, respectively. Capitalized costs, excluding those for cloud computing arrangements, are included in Property and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Product and technology. The product team creates and manages consumer and dealer-facing innovation and user experience. The technology team develops and supports our products, websites and mobile apps. Product and technology expense includes compensation costs, consulting costs, hardware and software maintenance, software licenses, data center and other infrastructure costs. Product and technology expense represents 13.6% and 12.4% of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Product and technology expense increased, primarily due to continued investment in the business through our recent acquisitions, talent acquisition and retention, and other licenses and fees.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Internally Developed Technology . The Company capitalizes costs associated with customized internal-use software systems and website development that have reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the applications. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose. The Company reviews the carrying amount of internally developed technology for impairment and useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Capitalized software costs, excluding cloud computing arrangements, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $ 18.1 million, $ 17.9 million and $ 16.3 million, respectively. Capitalized costs, excluding those for cloud computing arrangements, are included in Property and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. ||| Cloud Computing Arrangements. The Company capitalizes costs associated with the development of cloud computing arrangements in a manner consistent with internally developed technology. Any amortization is recorded in the same manner on the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) as the expense associated with the underlying host arrangement. These capitalized costs as of December 31, 2022 were $ 1.0 million and $ 4.7 million in Prepaid expenses and Investments and other assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. These capitalized costs as of December 31, 2021 were $ 0.6 million and $ 2.6 million in Prepaid expenses and Investments and other assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. ||| . The Company capitalizes costs associated with customized internal-use software systems and website development that have reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the applications. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose. The Company reviews the carrying amount of internally developed technology for impairment and useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Capitalized software costs, excluding cloud computing arrangements, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $
