FIRM         : TCBI (CIK 0001077428) | FY2021
FILE         : 0001077428_TCBI_FY2021_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software
DURÉE        : 1.0-5.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Costs incurred in connection with development or purchase of internal use software and cloud computing arrangements, including in-substance software licenses, are capitalized. Amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset, which generally ranges from one to five years. Capitalized software is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
(“ASU 2020-04”) provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to loan and lease agreements, derivative contracts, and other transactions affected by the anticipated transition away from LIBOR toward new interest rate benchmarks. For transactions that are modified because of reference rate reform and that meet certain scope guidance (i) modifications of loan agreements should be accounted for by prospectively adjusting the effective interest rate and the modification will be considered “minor” so that any existing unamortized origination fees/costs would carry forward and continue to be amortized and (ii) modifications of lease agreements should be accounted for as a continuation of the existing agreement with no reassessments of the lease classification and the discount rate or remeasurements of lease payments that otherwise would be required for modifications not accounted for as separate contracts. ASU 2020-04 also provides numerous optional expedients for derivative accounting. ASU 2020-04 is effective March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. An entity may elect to apply ASU 2020-04 for contract modifications as of January 1, 2020, or prospectively from a date within an interim period that includes or is subsequent to March 12, 2020, up to the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. Once elected for a Topic or an Industry Subtopic within the Codification, the amendments in this ASU must be applied prospectively for all eligible contract modifications for that Topic or Industry Subtopic. We anticipate this ASU will simplify any modifications we execute between the selected start date and December 31, 2022 that are directly related to LIBOR transition by allowing prospective recognition of the continuation of the contract, rather than extinguishment of the old contract resulting in writing off unamortized fees/costs. The adoption of this ASU did not significantly impact our consolidated financial statements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Costs incurred in connection with development or purchase of internal use software and cloud computing arrangements, including in-substance software licenses, are capitalized. Amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset, which generally ranges from one to five years. Capitalized software is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
