FIRM         : KD (CIK 0001867072) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001867072_KD_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : March 31, 2023
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0 ans | 5.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Recurring operating costs for services contracts are recognized as incurred. Certain eligible, nonrecurring costs (i.e., setup costs) incurred in the initial phases of outsourcing contracts and other cloud-based services contracts, are capitalized when the costs relate directly to the contract, the costs generate or enhance resources of the Company that will be used in satisfying the performance obligation in the future and the costs are expected to be recovered. These costs consist of transition and setup costs related to the installation of systems and processes and other deferred fulfillment costs, including, for example, prepaid assets used in services contracts (i.e., prepaid software or prepaid maintenance). Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected period of benefit, which approximates the pattern of transfer to the client of the services to which the asset relates and includes anticipated contract renewals or extensions. Additionally, fixed assets associated with these contracts are capitalized and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of the asset and recorded in cost of sales. If an asset is contract-specific and cannot be repurposed, then the depreciation period is the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the contract term. Setup costs paid on behalf of clients in excess of the fair value of services delivered in outsourcing arrangements are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction of revenue over the expected period of benefit. The Company performs periodic reviews to assess the recoverability of deferred contract transition and setup costs. If the carrying amount is deemed not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized. Refer to Note 3 – Revenue Recognition for the amount of deferred costs to fulfill a contract at March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
For all asset classes, the Company has elected the lessee practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components (e.g., maintenance services) and account for the combined unit as a single lease component. A significant portion of the Company’s lease portfolio is real estate leases, which are mainly accounted for as operating leases and are primarily used for corporate offices and data centers. The average term of the real estate leases is approximately five years. The Company also has equipment leases, such as for IT equipment and vehicles, which have lease terms that range from two to five years. For certain of these operating and finance leases, the Company applies a portfolio approach to account for the lease assets and lease liabilities.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We provide engineering talent, operating solutions and insights derived from our knowledge and data around IT systems. This enables us to deliver advisory, implementation and managed services at scale across technology infrastructures that allow our customers to de-risk and realize the full value of their digital transformations. We do this while embracing new technologies and solutions and continually expanding our skills and capabilities, as we help advance the vital systems that power progress for our customers. We deliver technology services capabilities, insights and depth of expertise to modernize and manage IT environments based on our customers’ unique needs. We offer services across domains such as cloud services, core enterprise and zCloud services, applications, data and artificial intelligence services, digital workplace services, security and resiliency services and network and edge services as we continue to support our customers through technological change. Our services enable us to modernize and manage cloud and on-premises environments as “one” for our customers, enabling them to scale seamlessly. To deliver these services, we rely on our global team of skilled practitioners, consisting of approximately 90,000 professionals. ||| The Company delivers transformation and secure cloud services capabilities, insights and depth of expertise to modernize and manage IT environments based on its customers’ needs. The Company offers services such as cloud managed services, application hosting and modernization, security and resiliency services, enterprise infrastructure services, digital workplace services, network services and distributed cloud services to support its customers through technological change. Many of these services can be delivered entirely or partially through cloud or as-a-service delivery models. The Company’s services are provided on a time-and-material basis, as a fixed-price contract or as a fixed-price-per-measure-of-output contract, and the contract terms range from less than one year to over 10 years. The Company typically satisfies the performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time in services arrangements because the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Company performs the services.
