FIRM         : TTD (CIK 0001671933) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001671933_TTD_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2018
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2—Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, capitalized software
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates, primarily those related to: (1) revenue recognition criteria, including the determination of revenue reporting as net versus gross in the Company’s revenue arrangements, (2) allowances for doubtful accounts, (3) the useful lives of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs, (4) income taxes, (5) assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock-based compensation, (6) the recognition and disclosure of contingent liabilities and (7) the assumptions used in valuing acquired assets and assumed liabilities in business combinations .

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
On July 1, 2018, the Company early adopted ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract , using the prospective method. ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. Previously, all implementation costs for a hosting arrangement that was a service contract were expensed when incurred. ||| Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract ||| Cloud computing arrangements (“CCAs”), such as software as a service and other hosting arrangements, are evaluated for capitalized implementation costs in a similar manner as capitalized software development costs. If a CCA includes a software license, the software license element of the arrangement is accounted for in a manner consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a CCA does not include a software license, the service element of the arrangement is accounted for as a service contract. The Company capitalized certain implementation costs for its CCAs that are service contracts totaling $0.9 million during 2018, which are included in other assets, non-current . The Company amortizes capitalized implementation costs in a CCA over the life of the service contract. During 2018, the amortization of these capitalized implementation costs was immaterial.
