FIRM         : NTNX (CIK 0001618732) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001618732_NTNX_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-08-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE 1. OVER VIEW AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : A100 (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Allocated costs consist of certain facilities, depreciation and amortization, recruiting and information technology costs allocated based on headcount.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
The Nutanix Cloud Platform can be deployed on-premises at the edge or in data centers, running on a variety of qualified hardware platforms, in popular public cloud environments such as AWS (currently generally available) and Microsoft Azure (currently in public preview and expected to become generally available in the future) through Nutanix Cloud Clusters, or, in the case of our cloud-based software and software-as-a-service ("SaaS") offerings, via hosted service. Non-portable software licenses for our platform are delivered or sold alongside configured-to-order appliances, with a license term equal to the life of the associated appliance. Our subscription term-based licenses are sold separately, or can also be sold alongside configured-to-order appliances. Our subscription term-based licenses typically have terms ranging from one to five years. Our cloud-based SaaS subscriptions have terms extending up to five years. Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our channel partners, original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") or, in limited cases, directly from Nutanix.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Nutanix, Inc. ("we," "us," "our" or "Nutanix") provides a leading enterprise cloud platform, which we call the Nutanix Cloud Platform, that consists of software solutions and cloud services that power our customers’ enterprise infrastructure. Our solutions deliver a consistent cloud operating model across edge, private-, hybrid- and multicloud environments for all applications and their data. Our solutions allow organizations to simply move their workloads, including enterprise applications, high-performance databases, end-user computing and virtual desktop infrastructure ("VDI") services, container-based modern applications, and analytics applications, between on-premises and public clouds. Our goal is to provide a single, simple, open software platform for all hybrid and multicloud applications and their data. ||| The Nutanix Cloud Platform can be deployed on-premises at the edge or in data centers, running on a variety of qualified hardware platforms, in popular public cloud environments such as AWS (currently generally available) and Microsoft Azure (currently in public preview and expected to become generally available in the future) through Nutanix Cloud Clusters, or, in the case of our cloud-based software and software-as-a-service ("SaaS") offerings, via hosted service. Non-portable software licenses for our platform are delivered or sold alongside configured-to-order appliances, with a license term equal to the life of the associated appliance. Our subscription term-based licenses are sold separately, or can also be sold alongside configured-to-order appliances. Our subscription term-based licenses typically have terms ranging from one to five years. Our cloud-based SaaS subscriptions have terms extending up to five years. Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our channel partners, original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") or, in limited cases, directly from Nutanix. ||| Our enterprise cloud platform typically includes one or more years of support and entitlements, which provides customers with the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. Purchases of term-based licenses and SaaS subscriptions have support and entitlements included within the subscription fees and are not sold separately. Purchases of non-portable software are typically accompanied by the purchase of separate support and entitlements.
