FIRM         : AKAM (CIK 0001086222) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001086222_AKAM_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : DECEMBER 31, 2024
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : software and hardware initiatives to manage its global network more efficiently and, as a result, the expected average useful life of its servers increased from
DURÉE        : 5.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : NVIDIA (1 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 2.0 ans | 5.0 ans | 6.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company has implemented software and hardware initiatives to manage its global network more efficiently and, as a result, the expected average useful life of its servers increased from five years to six years, effective January 1, 2023.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in these financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to revenue, accounts receivable and related reserves, valuation and impairment of investments and marketable securities, valuation and amortization periods of acquired intangible assets, useful lives and realizability of long-lived assets, capitalized internal-use software development costs, income tax reserves and accounting for stock-based compensation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Cost of revenue consists primarily of fees paid to network providers for bandwidth and to third-party network data centers for housing servers, also known as co-location costs. Cost of revenue also includes employee costs for services delivery and network operation, build-out and support of the Company's network; network storage costs; cost of software licenses; depreciation of network equipment used to deliver the Company’s services; and amortization of network-related internal-use software. The Company enters into contracts for bandwidth with third-party network providers with terms typically ranging from several months to two years. These contracts generally commit the Company to pay minimum monthly fees plus additional fees for bandwidth usage above the committed level. In some circumstances, internet service providers (“ISPs”) make rack space available for the Company to locate its servers and provide access to their bandwidth at a discount or no cost. Although the Company does not provide any goods or services to the ISPs or the ISPs’ customers under these arrangements, the ISPs and their customers indirectly benefit by accessing content through a local Company server, resulting in better content  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
• Network build-out and supporting service costs represent another significant portion of our cost of revenue. These costs include maintenance and supporting services incurred as we continue to build out our compute platform and maintain our global network, and costs of third-party cloud providers used for some of our operations. We have seen these costs increase in recent years as a result of our network expansion, and particularly the build out of our compute platform. We previously experienced increased costs from third-party cloud providers, but continue to mitigate those costs by migrating to our own compute solutions and working to optimize third-party cloud spend. We will continue to effectively manage our network build-out and supporting service costs and continue to migrate third-party cloud services to our compute platform in an effort to manage costs. ||| Network build-out and supporting service costs represent another significant portion of our cost of revenue. These costs include maintenance and supporting services incurred as we continue to build out our compute platform and maintain our global network, and costs of third-party cloud providers used for some of our operations. We have seen these costs increase in recent years as a result of our network expansion, and particularly the build out of our compute platform. We previously experienced increased costs from third-party cloud providers, but continue to mitigate those costs by migrating to our own compute solutions and working to optimize third-party cloud spend. We will continue to effectively manage our network build-out and supporting service costs and continue to migrate third-party cloud services to our compute platform in an effort to manage costs. ||| • Our employees are core to the operations of our business, and payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, is our largest expense. It is important to the success of operations that we offer competitive compensation packages. However, we are focused on remaining disciplined in allocating our resources to support our faster growing security and compute solutions, including maintaining operational efficiencies to mitigate the rising cost of talent. In 2023 we redesigned one of our non-executive short-term incentive compensation programs by shifting certain employees from a cash-based to stock-based program, and in 2024 we transitioned more employees to this program. During 2023, we also introduced a non-executive incentive program tied to our initiative to migrate certain third-party cloud services onto Akamai's platform. These programs were designed to better align employee incentives with the interests of our stockholders, which increased our stock-based compensation.
