FIRM         : PAHC (CIK 0001069899) | FY2016
FILE         : 0001069899_PAHC_FY2016_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : June 30, 2016
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Capitalized software, equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-7.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized on a straight-line basis over 3 to 7 years.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
We periodically review our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets for impairment and assess whether significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Such circumstances may include a significant decrease in the market price of an asset, a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is being used or in its physical condition or a history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of an asset. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the anticipated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The amount of the impairment loss is the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value. In addition, we periodically reassess the estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets. Changes to estimated useful lives would affect the amount of depreciation and amortization recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. We have not experienced significant changes in the carrying value or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets in the periods included in the consolidated financial statements.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
ASU 2015-05, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40) provides guidance regarding the treatment of cloud computing arrangements and if an arrangement includes a software license. ASU 2015-05 requires that if there is an element of a license in the arrangement
