FIRM         : ZD (CIK 0001084048) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001084048_ZD_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : 1.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The estimated useful lives of property and equipment range from one to 10 years. Fixtures, which are comprised primarily of leasehold improvements and equipment under capital leases, are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives or for leasehold improvements, the related lease term, if less.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
j2 Global, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (“j2 Global”, "the Company", “our”, “us” or “we”), is a leading provider of Internet services. Through our Business Cloud Services Division, we provide cloud services to businesses of all sizes, from individuals to enterprises, and license our intellectual property ("IP") to third parties. In addition, the Business Cloud Services Division includes our j2 Cloud Connect business which primarily focused on our voice and fax products. Our Digital Media Division specializes in the technology and gaming markets, reaching in-market buyers and influencers in both the consumer and business-to-business space. ||| Our Business Cloud Services Division generates revenues primarily from customer subscription and usage fees and from IP licensing fees. Our Digital Media Division generates revenues primarily from advertising, performance marketing and licensing fees. ||| Our consolidated revenues are currently generated from three basic business models, each with different financial profiles and variability. Our Business Cloud Services Division is driven primarily by subscription revenues that are relatively higher margin and stable and predictable from quarter-to-quarter with some seasonal weakness in the fourth quarter. The Business Cloud Services Division also includes the results of our IP licensing business, which can vary dramatically in both revenues and profitability from period-to-period. Our Digital Media Division is driven primarily by advertising revenues, has relatively higher sales and marketing expense and has seasonal strength in the fourth quarter. We continue to pursue additional acquisitions, which may include companies operating under business models that differ from those we operate under today. Such acquisitions could impact our consolidated profit margins and the variability of our revenues.
