FIRM         : AKAM (CIK 0001086222) | FY2022
FILE         : 0001086222_AKAM_FY2022_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2022-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : network providers with terms typically ranging from several months to
DURÉE        : 5.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Cost of revenue also includes employee costs for services delivery and network operation, build-out and support of the Company's network; network storage costs; cost of software licenses; depreciation of network equipment used to deliver the Company’s services; amortization of network-related internal-use software; and costs for the production of live events streamed by the Company for customers.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in these financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to revenue, accounts receivable and related reserves, valuation and impairment of investments and marketable securities, valuation and useful lives of acquired intangible assets, useful lives and realizability of long-lived assets, capitalized internal-use software development costs, income tax reserves and accounting for stock-based compensation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Cost of revenue consists primarily of fees paid to network providers for bandwidth and to third-party network data centers for housing servers, also known as co-location costs. Cost of revenue also includes employee costs for services delivery and network operation, build-out and support of the Company's network; network storage costs; cost of software licenses; depreciation of network equipment used to deliver the Company’s services; amortization of network-related internal-use software; and costs for the production of live events streamed by the Company for customers. The Company enters into contracts for bandwidth with third-party network providers with terms typically ranging from several months to five years. These contracts generally commit the Company to pay minimum monthly fees plus additional fees for bandwidth usage above the committed level. In some circumstances, internet service providers (“ISPs”) make rack space available for the Company to locate its servers and provide access to their bandwidth at a discount or no cost. Although the Company does not provide any goods or services to the ISPs or the ISPs’ customers under these arrangements, the ISPs and their customers indirectly benefit by accessing content through a local Company server, resulting in better content delivery. The Company records the cost of these vendor relationships at their negotiated transaction price, which is either at a discount or no cost.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We provide solutions to power and protect life online. The key factors that influence our financial success are our ability to build on recurring revenue commitments for our security and performance offerings, increase traffic on our network, continue to develop, scale and successfully bring to market our cloud computing platform and compute-to-edge solutions that meet the needs of professional users and enterprises, effectively manage the prices we charge for our solutions, develop new products and appropriately manage our capital spending and other expenses. The purpose of this discussion and analysis section is to provide material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations from management’s perspective, including to describe and explain key trends, events and other factors that impacted our reported results and that are likely to impact our future performance. ||| For most of our solutions, our customers commit to contracts having terms of a year or longer, which allows us to have a consistent and predictable base level of revenue. In addition to a base level of revenue, we are also dependent on delivery customers, and some cloud computing customers, where usage of our solutions is more variable. As a result, our revenue is impacted by the amount of traffic we serve on our network or the usage of cloud computing services, the rate of adoption of gaming, social media and video platform offerings, the timing and variability of customer-specific one-time events and geopolitical, economic and other developments that impact our customers' businesses. Seasonal variations that impact traffic on our network, such as holiday-related activities, can cause revenue fluctuations from quarter to quarter. Over the longer term, our ability to expand our product portfolio and to effectively manage the prices we charge for our solutions are key factors impacting our revenue growth. ||| • Network build-out and supporting service costs represent another significant portion of our cost of revenue. These costs include maintenance and supporting services incurred as we continue to build-out our compute infrastructure and maintain our global network, and costs of third-party cloud providers used for some of our operations. We have seen these costs increase in recent years, as a result of our network expansion and increased use of third-party cloud services. We expect this trend to continue in the near-term as we invest in our network to support our compute solutions, including migrating from third-party cloud providers to our own cloud solutions. We will need to effectively manage our network build-out and supporting costs to maintain current levels of profitability.
