FIRM         : MOH (CIK 0001179929) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001179929_MOH_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : DECEMBER 31, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : DGX (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
As discussed below, the costs associated with certain of our Molina Medicaid Solutions segment equipment and software are capitalized and recorded as deferred contract costs. Such costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful life or the contract period.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In 2011, our New Mexico data center subsidiary entered into a financing transaction with Wells Fargo Community Investment Holdings, LLC (Wells Fargo), its wholly owned subsidiary New Mexico Healthcare Data Center Investment Fund, LLC (Investment Fund), and certain of Wells Fargo's affiliated Community Development Entities (CDEs), in connection with our participation in the federal government's New Markets Tax Credit Program (NMTC). The NMTC was established by Congress to facilitate new or increased investments in businesses and real estate projects in low-income communities. The NMTC attracts investment capital to low-income communities by permitting investors to receive a tax credit against their federal income tax return in exchange for equity investments in specialized financial institutions, called CDEs, which provide financing to qualified active businesses operating in low-income communities. The credit amounts to  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ||| , which will require customers to determine whether a cloud computing arrangement includes the license of software by applying the same guidance cloud service providers use to make this determination. The ASU also eliminates the existing requirement for customers to account for software licenses they acquire by analogizing to the guidance on leases. This ASU will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2016, and is applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are evaluating the potential effects of adoption to our financial statements. ||| Software Licenses. In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement , which will require customers to determine whether a cloud computing arrangement includes the license of software by applying the same guidance cloud service providers use to make this determination. The ASU also eliminates the existing requirement for customers to account for software licenses they acquire by analogizing to the guidance on leases. This ASU will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2016, and is applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are evaluating the potential effects of adoption to our financial statements.
