FIRM         : NTAP (CIK 0001002047) | FY2013
FILE         : 0001002047_NTAP_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : April 25, 2014
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : Equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and Equipment — Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization is computed using the
straight-line method, generally over the following periods:

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets — We review the carrying values of long-lived assets whenever events and circumstances, such
as reductions in demand, lower projections of profitability, significant changes in the manner of our use of acquired assets, or significant negative industry or economic trends, indicate that the net book value of an asset may not be recovered
through expected future cash flows from its use and eventual disposition. If this review indicates that there is an impairment, the impaired asset is written down to its fair value, which is typically calculated using: (i) quoted market prices
and/or (ii) expected future cash flows utilizing a discount rate. Our estimates regarding future anticipated net revenue and cash flows, the remaining economic life of the products and technologies, or both, may differ from those used to assess
the recoverability of assets. In that event, impairment charges or shortened useful lives of certain long-lived assets may be required, resulting in charges to our consolidated statements of operations when such determinations are made.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
On February 11, 2013, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of ionGrid, a privately-held software company based in California, for $17.1 million in cash. This acquisition provides our customers
with a secure, simple to use solution for accessing enterprise file shares from mobile devices. On November 14, 2012, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of CacheIQ, Inc., a privately-held storage solutions company based in Texas, for
$91.0 million in cash and equity. This acquisition provides us with technology that extends our capabilities to support non-disruptive operations for enterprise data center environments. We will integrate this technology into our product offerings
over time. Together we refer to these acquisitions as our fiscal 2013 acquisitions.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Our unified
scale-out fabric-attached storage (FAS) platform is designed to meet the demanding requirements of shared infrastructures and cloud environments. Our E-Series high-performance storage area network platform is designed to meet demanding performance
and capacity requirements of dedicated workloads, while retaining simplicity and an optimized price to performance ratio. Our FAS storage platform uses the NetApp ® DataONTAP ® storage operating
system to deliver integrated data protection, comprehensive data management, and built-in efficiency software for virtualized, shared infrastructures, cloud computing, and mixed workload business applications. We offer hybrid and all-flash
configurations of both FAS and E-Series platforms. Effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we have changed the way we group our FAS product platforms. We now describe our configured systems as (1) entry level products, which consists of
our FAS2000 systems, (2) mid-range products, which consists of our legacy FAS3000 systems and our new FAS8020 and FAS8040 systems, and (3) high-end products, which consists of our legacy 6000 systems and our new FAS8060 systems. This
change had no impact on previously reported amounts.
