FIRM         : AVGO (CIK 0001730168) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001730168_AVGO_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : November 1, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, machinery and equipment
DURÉE        : 3.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. When assets are retired or disposed of, the assets and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from our property, plant and equipment balances and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Buildings and leasehold improvements are generally depreciated over 15 to 40 years, or over the lease period, whichever is shorter, and machinery and equipment are generally depreciated over three to ten years. We use the straight-line method of depreciation for all property, plant and equipment.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog III-V based products. We have a history of innovation in the semiconductor industry and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile and cloud platforms. We offer a cyber security solutions portfolio, including endpoint, network, information and identity security solutions. We also offer mission critical fibre channel storage area networking (“FC SAN”) products and related software in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
