FIRM         : BAH (CIK 0001443646) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001443646_BAH_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : March 31, 2020
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : computer equipment is depreciated over
DURÉE        : 5.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 4.0 ans | 5.0-10.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost, and the balances are presented net of accumulated depreciation. Furniture and equipment is depreciated over five to ten years, and computer equipment is depreciated over four years.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Analytics focuses on delivering transformational solutions in the areas of decision analytics (including operations research and cost estimation), automation, and data science (including predictive modeling and machine learning) as well as new or emerging areas such as deep learning and artificial intelligence. We pioneer new approaches to apply analytical technology to clients' problems, draft industry-defining publications, and introduce transformative products such as graphics processing unit (GPU) accelerated deep learning software to the market.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract . This guidance requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract to follow existing internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset. ASU 2018-15 generally aligns the guidance on capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with that of implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software, including hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license. ASU 2018-15 is effective for interim reporting periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The standard may be adopted either retrospectively or prospectively. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. ||| Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| . This guidance requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract to follow existing internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset. ASU 2018-15 generally aligns the guidance on capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with that of implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software, including hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license. ASU 2018-15 is effective for interim reporting periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The standard may be adopted either retrospectively or prospectively. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
