FIRM         : LOPE (CIK 0001434588) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001434588_LOPE_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : information technology
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 7.0 ans | 15.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Instructional costs and services consist primarily of costs related to the administration and delivery of the University’s educational
programs. This expense category includes salaries, benefits and share-based compensation for full-time and adjunct faculty and administrative personnel, information technology costs, bad debt expense, curriculum and new program development costs
(which are expensed as incurred) and costs associated with other support groups that provide services directly to the students. This category also includes an allocation of depreciation, amortization, rent, and occupancy costs attributable to the
provision of educational services, primarily at the University’s Phoenix, Arizona campus.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In April 2015, the FASB issued, “ Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software, Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a
Cloud Computing Arrangement .” The guidance requires customers to determine whether a cloud computing arrangement contains a software license. If the arrangement contains a software license, customers must account for fees related to the
software license element in a manner consistent with how the acquisition of other software licenses is accounted for under ASC 350-40; if the arrangement does not contain a software license, customers must account for the arrangement as a service
contract. The standard will take effect for the University for the year ending December 31, 2016 and all interim periods therein. Entities may adopt this guidance retrospectively, or prospectively for arrangements entered into, or materially
modified, after the standard’s effective date. The University does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations, or disclosures.
