FIRM         : AKAM (CIK 0001086222) | FY2023
FILE         : 0001086222_AKAM_FY2023_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : DECEMBER 31, 2023
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : software and hardware initiatives to manage its global network more efficiently and, as a result, the expected average useful life of its servers increased from
DURÉE        : 5.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 5.0 ans | 6.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company has implemented software and hardware initiatives to manage its global network more efficiently and, as a result, the expected average useful life of its servers increased from five years to six years, effective January 1, 2023.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in these financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to revenue, accounts receivable and related reserves, valuation and impairment of investments and marketable securities, valuation and useful lives of acquired intangible assets, useful lives and realizability of long-lived assets, capitalized internal-use software development costs, income tax reserves and accounting for stock-based compensation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Cost of revenue consists primarily of fees paid to network providers for bandwidth and to third-party network data centers for housing servers, also known as co-location costs. Cost of revenue also includes employee costs for services delivery and network operation, build-out and support of the Company's network; network storage costs; cost of software licenses; depreciation of network equipment used to deliver the Company’s services; amortization of network-related internal-use software; and costs for the production of live events streamed by the Company for customers. The Company enters into contracts for bandwidth with third-party network providers with terms typically ranging from several months to five years. These contracts generally commit the Company to pay minimum monthly fees plus additional fees for bandwidth usage above the committed level. In some circumstances, internet service providers (“ISPs”) make rack space available for the Company to locate its servers and provide access to their bandwidth at a discount or no cost. Although the Company does not provide any goods or services to the ISPs or the ISPs’ customers under these arrangements, the ISPs and their customers indirectly benefit  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We provide solutions to power and protect life online through our massively distributed edge and cloud platform, which we refer to as Akamai Connected Cloud. Akamai Connected Cloud underpins our cloud computing, security and content delivery solutions, and is central to our financial success. The key factors that influence our financial success are our ability to build on recurring revenue commitments for our security and performance offerings, increase traffic on our network, continue to develop, scale and successfully bring to market our cloud computing platform and compute-to-edge solutions that meet the needs of professional users and enterprises, effectively manage the prices we charge for our solutions, develop new products and appropriately manage our capital spending and other expenses. The purpose of this discussion and analysis section is to provide material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations from management’s perspective, including to describe and explain key trends, events and other factors that impacted our reported results and that are likely to impact our future performance. ||| We primarily derive revenue from the sale of services to customers executing contracts having terms of one year or longer, which allows us to have a consistent and predictable base level of revenue. Services included in our contracts consist of security solutions, the delivery of content, applications and software over the internet, cloud computing solutions and professional services. In addition to a base level of revenue, we are also dependent on our ability to increase our product offerings and to cross-sell additional services to our new and existing customers, particularly for our security and compute solution portfolios. Our revenue is also impacted by customer renewals, the rate of adoption and timing of customer offerings, variability of one-time events, usage of cloud computing services and the amount of traffic we serve on our network. Geopolitical, economic and other developments that impact our customers' businesses can also impact our ability to attract new customers or continue to cross-sell additional services to existing customers. Over the longer term, our ability to expand our product portfolio and to effectively manage the prices we charge for our solutions are key factors impacting our revenue growth. ||| • Network build-out and supporting service costs represent another significant portion of our cost of revenue. These costs include maintenance and supporting services incurred as we continue to build out our compute infrastructure and maintain our global network, and costs of third-party cloud providers used for some of our operations. We have seen these costs increase in recent years as a result of our network expansion, and particularly the build out of our compute infrastructure. We had also experienced increased costs from third-party cloud providers, but have recently begun to mitigate those costs by migrating to our own cloud solutions and optimizing third-party cloud spend. We will need to continue to effectively manage our network build-out and supporting service costs and continue to migrate third-party cloud services to Akamai Connected Cloud to maintain or improve current levels of profitability.
