FIRM         : UNFI (CIK 0001020859) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001020859_UNFI_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : August 3, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 19—Discontinued Operations
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software: Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract ||| . ASU 2018-05 requires implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements (i.e., hosting arrangements) to be capitalized under the same premises of authoritative guidance for internal-use software, and deferred over the noncancellable term of the cloud computing arrangements plus any option renewal periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised by the customer or for which the exercise is controlled by the service provider. The Company is required to adopt this new guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. The Company has outstanding cloud computing arrangements and continues to incur costs that it believes would be required to be capitalized under ASU 2018-05. The Company is currently reviewing the provisions of the new standard and evaluating its impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software: Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract . ASU 2018-05 requires implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements (i.e., hosting arrangements) to be capitalized under the same premises of authoritative guidance for internal-use software, and deferred over the noncancellable term of the cloud computing arrangements plus any option renewal periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised by the customer or for which the exercise is controlled by the service provider. The Company is required to adopt this new guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. The Company has outstanding cloud computing arrangements and continues to incur costs that it believes would be required to be capitalized under ASU 2018-05. The Company is currently reviewing the provisions of the new standard and evaluating its impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
