FIRM         : AWR (CIK 0001056903) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001056903_AWR_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation expense for GSWC, excluding amortization expense and depreciation on transportation equipment, totaled

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| . Under this standard, entities that enter into cloud computing service arrangements will apply existing internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs are eligible for capitalization. Under that guidance, implementation costs are capitalized or expensed depending on the nature of the costs and the project stage during which they are incurred. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. Registrant will adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2019 and does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on its financial statements. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15-Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract . Under this standard, entities that enter into cloud computing service arrangements will apply existing internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs are eligible for capitalization. Under that guidance, implementation costs are capitalized or expensed depending on the nature of the costs and the project stage during which they are incurred. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. Registrant will adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2019 and does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on its financial statements.
