FIRM         : OPLN (CIK 0001395942) | FY2015
FILE         : 0001395942_OPLN_FY2015_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2015
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation. Upon retirement or sale of property and equipment, the cost of the disposed assets and related accumulated depreciation is removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to selling, general and administrative expenses.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. ||| The update provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the entity should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the entity should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change GAAP for an entity’s accounting for service contracts. The new guidance is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-05 will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. ||| In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. The update provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the entity should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the entity should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change GAAP for an entity’s accounting for service contracts. The new guidance is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-05 will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
