FIRM         : ULS (CIK 0001901440) | FY2024
FILE         : 0001901440_ULS_FY2024_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2024-12-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, capitalized software
DURÉE        : 3.0-20.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
The Company amortizes finite-lived intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated economic useful lives, which range from three to twenty years. The Company reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, capitalized software and intangible assets with finite lives for impairment whenever an event occurs or conditions change that indicate the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable. When such events occur, the Company performs a recoverability test by comparing the projected undiscounted cash flows of the asset group to the carrying amount. If this comparison indicates that there is a potential impairment, the asset group’s fair value is determined based on the present value of its estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. An impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. The Company did not recognize any material impairments of intangible or other long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 or 2022.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The Company capitalizes certain implementation costs related to cloud computing service arrangements that are incurred during the application development stage. Subsequently, the costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable term of the hosting agreement plus any reasonably certain renewal period. Capitalized implementation costs are included as a component of other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortization is included as an operating expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additions to capitalized cloud implementation costs are reported within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
