FIRM         : CF (CIK 0001324404) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001324404_CF_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : Hopper (1 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Environmental expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations are expensed. Expenditures that increase the capacity or extend the useful life of an asset, improve the safety or efficiency of the operations, or mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination are capitalized. Liabilities are recorded when it is probable that an obligation has been incurred and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Environmental liabilities are not discounted.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract. This ASU aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. This ASU does not affect the accounting for the service element of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We plan to adopt this ASU prospectively and do not expect that our adoption of this ASU on January 1, 2020 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, this guidance could have an effect on future financial results if significant new software involving a cloud computing agreement is implemented. In this case, a certain portion of the implementation costs could be deferred and expensed over the term of the cloud computing arrangement.
