FIRM         : NEO (CIK 0001077183) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001077183_NEO_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2019
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : software, and are amortized over the expected useful life of the software, generally
DURÉE        : 2.0-10.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Property and equipment are recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Leasehold improvements and property and equipment under capital leases are amortized over the shorter of the related lease terms or their estimated useful lives. Costs incurred in connection with the development of internal-use software are capitalized in accordance with the accounting standard for internal-use software, and are amortized over the expected useful life of the software, generally 2-10 years.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
The Company prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). These principles require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, together with amounts disclosed in the related notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates, judgments and assumptions. Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in these Consolidated Financial Statements include, but are not limited to those related to revenues, accounts receivable and related allowances, contingencies, useful lives and recovery of long-term assets and intangible assets, income taxes and valuation allowances, stock-based compensation and impairment analysis of goodwill. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of material revisions in estimates are reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements prospectively from the date of the change in estimate.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , which changes the accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. The update aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The implementation costs should be presented as a prepaid asset on the balance sheet and expensed over the term of the hosting arrangement. The standard was effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company will adopt this pronouncement as of January 1, 2020. We currently do not expect the adoption to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. ||| Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ||| , which changes the accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. The update aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The implementation costs should be presented as a prepaid asset on the balance sheet and expensed over the term of the hosting arrangement. The standard was effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company will adopt this pronouncement as of January 1, 2020. We currently do not expect the adoption to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
