FIRM         : DHX (CIK 0001393883) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001393883_DHX_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : equipment, furniture and fixtures, computer software
DURÉE        : 2.0-5.0 ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation of equipment, furniture and fixtures, computer software and capitalized website development costs are provided under the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from two to five years.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software: Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract. ||| The new standard requires entities that are customers in cloud computing arrangements to defer implementation costs if they would be capitalized by the entity in software licensing arrangements under the internal-use software guidance. ASU No. 2018-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted. The amendments allow either a retrospective or prospective approach to all implementation costs incurred after adoption. The Company is evaluating the expected impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software: Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract. The new standard requires entities that are customers in cloud computing arrangements to defer implementation costs if they would be capitalized by the entity in software licensing arrangements under the internal-use software guidance. ASU No. 2018-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted. The amendments allow either a retrospective or prospective approach to all implementation costs incurred after adoption. The Company is evaluating the expected impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.
