FIRM         : CF (CIK 0001324404) | FY2020
FILE         : 0001324404_CF_FY2020_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : 2021-03-31
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Unclear
HARDWARE     : Hopper (1 modèle(s))
⚠ AMBIGUÏTÉ  : 5.0 ans | 12.0 ans

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method and are recorded over the estimated useful life of the property, plant and equipment.

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Environmental expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations are expensed. Expenditures that increase the capacity or extend the useful life of an asset, improve the safety or efficiency of the operations, or mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination are capitalized. Liabilities are recorded when it is probable that an obligation has been incurred and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Environmental liabilities are not discounted.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
On January 1, 2020, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2018-15, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract. This ASU aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. This ASU does not affect the accounting for the service element of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract. We adopted this ASU prospectively. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements; however, it could have an effect on future financial results if significant new software involving a cloud computing agreement is implemented. In this case, a certain portion of the implementation costs would be deferred and expensed over the term of the cloud computing arrangement.
