FIRM         : MARA (CIK 0001507605) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001507605_MARA_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ASSET CAT.   : servers
DURÉE        : 2.0-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Management
has assessed the basis of depreciation of the Company’s Crypto-currency Machines used to verify digital currency transactions
and generate digital currencies and believes they should be depreciated over a 2 year period. The rate at which the Company generates
digital assets and, therefore, consumes the economic benefits of its transaction verification servers are influenced by a number
of factors including the following:

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Marathon
Patent Group, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 23, 2010 under the name Verve
Ventures, Inc. On December 7, 2011, the Company changed its name to American Strategic Minerals Corporation and were engaged in
exploration and potential development of uranium and vanadium minerals business. In June 2012, the Company discontinued the minerals
business and began to invest in real estate properties in Southern California. In October 2012, the Company discontinued its real
estate business when the former CEO joined the firm and the Company commenced IP licensing operations, at which time the Company’s
name was changed to Marathon Patent Group, Inc. On November 1, 2017, the Company entered into a merger agreement with Global Bit
Ventures, Inc. (“GBV”), which is focused on mining digital assets. The Company purchased cryptocurrency mining machines
and established a data center in Canada to mine digital assets. The Company expanded its activities in the mining of new digital
assets, while at the same time harvesting the value of its remaining IP assets. In order to streamline and create efficiencies,
we outsource most of our operations to service providers, and our Granby facility and its bitcoin mining operations are provided
by Block Maintain, Inc. Additionally, 24 hour security at our facility is provided by Securitas Canada, and financial operations
are provided by Chord Advisors, LLC.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Not disclosed
