FIRM         : PDFS (CIK 0001120914) | FY2019
FILE         : 0001120914_PDFS_FY2019_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Description of Business PDF Solutions, Inc. (the “Company” or “PDF”), provid
ASSET CAT.   : Computer equipment, Furniture, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Computer equipment 3 Software 3 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 3 - 10 Laboratory and test equipment 3 - 10 Leasehold improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or term of lease

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
There are other trends that may affect our business opportunities in general. For instance, the demand for consumer electronics, communications devices, and high performance computing continues to drive technological innovation in the semiconductor industry as the need for products with greater performance, lower power consumption, reduced costs and smaller size continues to grow with each new product generation. In addition, advances in computing systems and mobile devices have fueled demand for higher capacity memory chips. To meet these demands, IC manufacturers and designers are constantly challenged to improve the overall performance of their ICs by designing and manufacturing ICs with more embedded applications to create greater functionality while lowering power and cost per transistor. As this trend continues, companies will continually be challenged to improve process capabilities to optimally produce ICs with minimal random and systematic yield loss, which is driven by the lack of compatibility between the design and its respective manufacturing process. We believe that these difficulties will continue to create a need for all types of products and services that address yield loss across the IC product life cycle.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. The new guidance clarifies the accounting for implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software in cloud computing arrangements. Further, the standard also requires entities to expense the capitalized implementation costs of a hosting arrangement over the term of the hosting arrangement. This standard is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2020. Early adoption is permitted. ASU No. 2018-15 should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements or the related disclosures.
