FIRM         : EQIX (CIK 0001101239) | FY2013
FILE         : 0001101239_EQIX_FY2013_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : December 31, 2013
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 0/3
SECTION      : unknown
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : Not disclosed
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: No
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
In October 2013, as more fully described in Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we acquired a property located in Frankfurt, Germany for
cash consideration of approximately $50.1 million, which is referred to as the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition. A portion of the building was leased to us and was being used by us as our Frankfurt 5 IBX data center. The
remainder of the building was leased by other parties, who became our tenants upon closing. The Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel constitutes a business under the accounting standard for business combinations and as a result, the Frankfurt Kleyer 90
carrier hotel acquisition was accounted for as a business acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting.  [Source: MD&A (Item 7)]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
Historically, our market has been served by large telecommunications carriers who have
bundled their telecommunications products and services with their colocation offerings. The data center market landscape has evolved to include cloud computing/utility providers, application hosting providers and systems integrators, managed
infrastructure hosting providers and colocation providers with over 350 companies providing data center solutions in the U.S. alone. Each of these data center solutions providers can bundle various colocation, interconnection and network offerings,
and outsourced IT infrastructure services. We are able to offer our customers a global platform that supports global reach to 16 countries, proven operational reliability, improved application performance and network choice, and a highly scalable
set of offerings.
