FIRM         : BJ (CIK 0001531152) | FY2018
FILE         : 0001531152_BJ_FY2018_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 1/3
SECTION      : item_8_other
SECTION TITLE: 
ASSET CAT.   : computer software, Capitalized software, furniture, equipment
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Capitalized software costs are included in furniture, fixtures, and equipment and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software, which is

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Expenditures for betterments and major improvements that significantly enhance the value and increase the estimated useful life of the assets are capitalized and depreciated over the new estimated useful life. Repairs and maintenance costs on all assets are expensed as incurred.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Not disclosed

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
The update related to accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. The update allows entities who are customers in hosting arrangements that are service contracts to apply the existing internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to capitalize as an asset related to the service contract and which costs to expense. The update specifies classification for capitalizing implementation costs and related amortization expense within the financial statements and requires additional disclosures. The updated guidance is effective for fiscal reporting periods, including interim reporting within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted and can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the transition methods and the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. ||| In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15 Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40). The update related to accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. The update allows entities who are customers in hosting arrangements that are service contracts to apply the existing internal-use software guidance to determine which implementation costs to capitalize as an asset related to the service contract and which costs to expense. The update specifies classification for capitalizing implementation costs and related amortization expense within the financial statements and requires additional disclosures. The updated guidance is effective for fiscal reporting periods, including interim reporting within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted and can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the transition methods and the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.
