FIRM         : AKAM (CIK 0001086222) | FY2014
FILE         : 0001086222_AKAM_FY2014_10K.html
FILING DATE  : N/A
PERIOD END   : N/A
STATUS       : OK | Confiance : 3/3
SECTION      : significant_accounting_policies
SECTION TITLE: 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
ASSET CAT.   : servers
DURÉE        : None-None ans
POLICY CHANGE: Yes
HARDWARE     : None (0 modèle(s))

[VERBATIM — Durée de vie]
Effective January 1, 2013, the Company increased the expected average useful lives of its network assets, primarily servers, from

[VERBATIM — Changement de politique]
Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in these financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to revenue, accounts receivable and related reserves, valuation and impairment of investments and marketable securities, useful lives and realizability of long-lived assets, capitalized internal-use software development costs, income tax reserves and accounting for stock-based compensation.

[VERBATIM — Infrastructure IA]
Cost of revenue consists primarily of fees paid to network providers for bandwidth and to third party network data centers for housing servers, also known as co-location costs. Cost of revenue also includes employee costs for network operation, build-out and support and services delivery; network storage costs; cost of software licenses; depreciation of network equipment used to deliver the Company’s services; amortization of network-related internal-use software; and costs for the production of live events. The Company enters into contracts for bandwidth with third party network providers with terms typically ranging from several months to two years. These contracts generally commit the Company to pay minimum monthly fees plus additional fees for bandwidth usage above the committed level. In some circumstances, Internet service providers (“ISPs”) make rack space available for the Company’s servers and access to their bandwidth at discounted or no cost. In exchange, the ISP and its customers benefit by receiving content through a local Company server resulting in better content delivery. The Company does not consider these relationships to represent the culmination of an earnings process. Accordingly, the Company does not recognize as revenue the value to the ISPs associated with the use of the Company’s servers, nor does the Company recognize as expense the value of the rack space and bandwidth received at discounted or no cost.  [Source: Item 8]

[VERBATIM — Segments (Task 6)]
We provide cloud services for delivering, optimizing and securing online content and business applications. We primarily derive income from sales of services to customers executing contracts with terms of one year or longer. We believe that this emphasis on longer-term contracts generally allows us to have a consistent and predictable base level of revenue which is important to our financial success. We have been able to increase our revenue and profitability in recent years because we have expanded our customer base and increased the amount and value of services, features and functionalities that our customers purchase. These achievements have enabled us to limit the impact of customer cancellations and terminations and price reductions resulting from contract renewals. Continuing these trends requires that we compete effectively in the marketplace on the basis of the quality, price and overall attractiveness of our services and technology.
